Hello, everyone, and welcome to this Just In English Pods News and Features show.
My name is Katherine.
Hi, my name is Liliana.
So today it is, well, not quite mid-January yet, but it's the beginning of January.
We passed the new year, and a lot of stuff is going on.
So first of all, Liliana, do you have any new year's resolutions, anything that you
have decided to do in the new year?
Yes.
I think one of the most important things is patience.
I need to work on my patience.
How are you going to do that?
I don't know.
I'm just going to be more patient.
Meditation, swimming, breathing, breathing exercises.
Yes, I think that's...
Interesting.
Yeah, yeah, or just counting to three or whatever, ten before answering.
What about you?
I don't really have any new year's resolutions, but I guess one thing is just to do more
things for myself.
So, you know, taking time out of every week to do things that I enjoy doing and
doing them alone.
For example, playing music for, you know, half an hour a day or reading a book for an
hour, things like that, where you're just alone, you're calm, you don't think about
anything else.
So, that's one of my goals.
That's a good idea.
Yeah.
So, tell us what your goals are.
Don't forget EnglishPod.com.
We have lots of people who've already told us a couple of theirs, and English learning
is one of them.
So, good luck with that.
Hopefully we can help.
But we do have some great lessons coming up, and one of them might be a part of
some new year's resolutions.
It's about being more outgoing and showing the initiative.
So that's our first lesson of the week about asking for a raise.
Yes.
This will teach you how to be more proactive, right?
Absolutely.
And we're going to give you the language skills to do that, because there are some
special things that you have to learn how to say to make sure that you're not too
aggressive when you're asking for a raise.
So that's an elementary level lesson, and it's coming out on Monday.
And on Wednesday, we're going to change the tone a little bit and talk
about buying things.
Like what?
Well, in this situation, we're buying a cell phone because our old cell phone
broke in a very embarrassing situation.
So it's a very funny lesson.
It's intermediate level.
You're going to learn some very valuable vocabulary about fancy cell phones,
these smartphones.
Yeah, they're too high tech.
You have one.
Yes, I do, but it's hard.
But you can surf the internet.
You can send emails.
You're always connected.
They're very powerful.
They're like little computers.
Yes.
Like, have you seen?
Google came out with their new phone.
That's right.
And it's powerful.
It's like almost as fast as my laptop.
It's embarrassing.
It's like I bought my laptop five years ago, and now they made a cell phone
that's an eighth the size that's just as powerful.
It's crazy.
It's just crazy.
Agreed.
Well, on Friday, we have some good family fun, no fancy cell phones
and no bosses.
This is called Family Barbecue.
It's an elementary level lesson, and it's all about this kind of special
style of eating that we have in places like America, Mexico does it too,
where you go outside and you grill food.
Okay.
And what type of food are we grilling?
Like hot dogs, hamburgers.
Yeah, it's an American barbecue.
So hot dogs, hamburgers.
We're going to have some mac and cheese, things like that.
So very nice.
Not a very wintery activity, but it'll give us good things
to look forward to in the summer.
True.
All right.
And this week, we also have an episode of Director's Cut.
What movie is it?
It's Inglourious Basterds.
Okay.
So it's an adult movie.
So beware, if you got kids, maybe not listen to this particular episode of
Director's Cut, but it's a very, very good movie.
It's a Quentin Tarantino movie.
And how many times did you see it?
Just the once?
No, I have watched it three times already.
I love it.
It's such a good movie.
It's bloody.
It's kind of, yes.
It's too much.
Gory.
Yes, it is.
So just be careful.
Yeah.
Be warned.
But it's a very good movie.
And as Quentin Tarantino is used to doing, you know, there's a lot of mixing
of styles and different movie influences and music influences.
It's a really, it's a fun movie.
I recommend it too.
And that's going to be coming out on Tuesday, Director's Cut.
But that's about it for the lessons this week.
But the title of this week's lesson was Getting Back into the Swing of Things.
And so this is a phrase I really like to use in English because I think that it makes
you feel like you're getting back into work and all that.
So I just want to talk about what it means real quick because I told you in the introduction
that I would do that.
Yes.
I like it like when you're back from holidays and you're very tired and you have to go back
to work.
So you say that, right?
Yeah.
But the idea of swing is like movement.
So you know how your life kind of has a rhythm.
You get up at seven, you go to work, you work at nine, you kind of have a rhythm.
That means you do the same things over and over again.
Well, when you have a break like Christmas or the holidays, you stop that.
So you start eating more and you're sleeping more and it's really nice to have a break.
But then you have to get back into the old rhythm.
That's called getting back into the swing of things.
Okay.
And the swing is, you know, like the kids, they go on the swing is the thing that goes
back and forth, right?
It's like, or you're moving around and around and around and around.
So you're getting back into the swing of things.
It's very physical.
It makes you feel like you're getting back onto that track.
So getting back into the routine or something.
Exactly.
So I'd like to know, are you getting back into a routine?
Is it hard?
Is it easy?
Get back into work because you'd spend too much time with your family during the holidays
or do you kind of hate it and you wish you could be at home snapping and drinking hot
cocoa?
What about you?
I wish I was at home drinking hot cocoa, watching movies.
But it's a good, it's a good, I think, idea to mix it up and have both.
Definitely.
Definitely.
So that's about it for this week's episode of This Just In.
Hopefully you have some New Year's resolutions to share or some thoughts about getting back
into the swing of things and work and school.
Let us know at EnglishPod.com.
Bye-bye.
Bye, everyone.
EnglishPod.com.
