Hello everyone, and welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut.
My name is Marco.
And my name is Catherine, and today we're talking about movies.
A movie.
That's right.
We're talking about a very special movie.
It's an animated film, but well, it's actually not really a cartoon, right?
It's still photography or something like that?
Yes.
It's a stop-motion animation, so that means that it's like a series of pictures all put
together and it's, well, they do it with clay and they do it with puppets and things like
that.
So yeah, this is stop-motion animation.
Okay.
So the movie is called The Fantastic Mr. Fox.
That's right.
The voices are of George Clooney as the Fox, as Mr. Fox, and his wife is Meryl Streep.
That's right.
The movie is based on a children's story by the famous author Roald Dahl.
He also wrote famous books like the BFG and James and the Giant Peach and the Witches,
one of my favorite childhood authors.
Okay, so this is based on his book, The Fantastic Mr. Fox.
That's right.
And so it's a wonderful story.
It's the story of a fox who falls in love with another fox and they have a life of
crime because he loves to steal chickens.
And she says, listen, you have to stop.
I'm going to have a baby fox.
Right.
So he is forced to stop what he loves to do, which is steal chickens and kind of like get
a normal job and be responsible father.
That's right.
But as the baby fox grows older, the father starts to think about how he loved to steal
chickens and he starts stealing chickens again.
And in the place where they live, there are three very important farmers and that's
part of our clip, which we're going to listen to because Mr. Fox is arguing with his good
friend and I think his lawyer or advisor, the Badger.
That's right.
The Badger is his lawyer.
So there's a whole animal community with normal jobs.
There's a doctor, a lawyer, and Mr. Fox, who is a journalist.
These three farmers that live there, they are different last names and they are well
known because they are very rich and they have different things on their farms.
That's right.
And they all have special quirks, weird things about them that make them unique.
So we're going to listen to this clip really fast.
It's the fox talking to the Badger and the Badger is not only explaining who these people
are, but also advising him that he should not buy this new home that he wants to get.
Let's listen.
Don't buy this tree, Foxy.
You're borrowing at nine and a half with no fixed rate, plus moving into the most
dangerous neighborhood in the country for someone of your type of species.
You're exaggerating, Badger.
I'm sugarcoating it, man.
This is Boggess, Bunce and Bean, three of the meanest, nastiest, ugliest farmers in
the history of this valley.
Really?
Tell me about them.
All right.
Walt Boggess is a chicken farmer, probably the most successful in the world.
He weighs the same as a young rhinoceros.
He eats three chickens every day for breakfast, lunch, supper and dessert.
That's 12 in total per diem.
Nate Bunce is a duck and goose farmer.
He's approximately the size of a pot belly dwarf and his chin would be
underwater in the shallow end of any swimming pool on the planet.
His food is homemade donuts with smashed up goose livers injected into them.
Frank Bean is a turkey and apple farmer.
He invented his own species of each.
He lives on a liquid diet of strong alcoholic cider, which he makes from his
apples.
He's as skinny as a pencil, as smart as a whip and possibly the scariest man
currently living.
The local human children sing a kind of eerie little rhyme about him.
Here, listen to that.
And summation, I think you just got to not do it, man.
That's all.
I understand what you're saying and your comments are valuable, but I'm going
to ignore your advice.
And of course, he does buy the home that his lawyer friend, the Badger, does not
want him to buy and trouble ensues.
Right. So they actually start to live in a tree house.
That's right. Which is funny because foxes are supposed to live underground.
So in the very beginning of the story, the fox actually explains why he wants to
live there, right?
He's sensitive about social stigma.
So, you know, it's the same as normal society, people society, where people are
judged by their nice homes or where they live and the house they live in is
just too small.
Yeah, that's what he says.
He's like, I'm tired of living in the ground.
It makes me feel poor.
But his wife is like, but we are poor.
He's like, well, I'm tired of it.
I want to live in a better home.
That's right. So they move to a better home.
But of course, it's very dangerous because it's right next to these big farms.
And the farmers hate fox.
Right. So what happens is a whole series of events in which the fox is trying to
outsmart all of these farmers and the entire village gets involved.
Now, it's interesting because being a children's book, it has a positive
message, right?
It does. It's all about being unique and being yourself because, well, one of
the main characters is Mr. Fox's son.
He's not very athletic.
He's kind of awkward.
He's he's a normal teenager.
And there's a competition between him and his cousin who is athletic and a funny
and everyone likes him.
And so it's all about trying to embrace who you are and, you know, not giving
up on the things that make you you.
Yeah, I think that was one of the very special messages of the story.
And there are some really funny characters and also
as additional voices, there are some very famous people such as William Defoe
and Owen Wilson.
That's right.
And of course, the soundtrack is really, really nice.
It's very unique.
It is actually back to William Defoe.
I love him.
He's been in so many movies.
He's always kind of mysterious and strange and sometimes very dark.
But in this movie, he is a rat.
Yeah, literally a very dark and very mysterious.
Yeah. So he's just creepy and bizarre.
And he's such a good character in this movie character.
The rat was amazing, very, very good.
And the way he moves and the way that he's portrayed is really cool.
It is what I love about this movie message aside, I love about this movie.
The fact that all of the different animals have such strong personalities.
So all the animals are presented.
You have the Badger, the fox, the rat.
And they're just so funny looking and funny acting.
And they're also very recognizable by their animal characteristics.
So it's just a great, fun movie that, you know, you see, it has layers.
If a child watches it, a child loves it because it's colorful and bright and interesting.
If an adult watches it, there's humor and adult humor that probably the kid is not going to get, but you get it.
That's right. And that's what makes it fun to watch.
Yeah, no, it was very, very good.
And my favorite character was also the possum, which was Mr. Fox's accomplice and friend.
That's right.
And he's just hilarious when he does those crazy possum eyes that he has.
He does. Well, the thing about the possum, if you've ever seen a possum in real life,
like on your garbage can, for example, outside, if you look at a possum, they freeze.
Yeah, they don't move.
And so in this movie, the possum's eyes start making crazy, crazy emotions.
It's really, really funny.
It's very funny.
And so I highly recommend watching this movie.
I've literally, I finished the movie and I was like, can we watch it again?
It's a very good movie.
So we recommend you go out and watch it.
Remember the fantastic Mr. Fox.
Worthwhile.
And if you guys have any questions or doubts or if anyone can come up with the transcript
of what was played in the movie, because it's kind of a good exercise as well.
You do it with the lesson.
So why don't you give it a shot with the movie clip?
That's right. And I would also recommend for those of you who are still interested
in learning more about literature and children's literature,
try and read the book, The Fantastic Mr. Fox.
I think it's really great for English learners, even if you're lower level,
you're just starting to try and read this book because it's a classic
and you'll be able to talk to a lot of Americans and native English speakers
who read this as children.
So check it out.
Check out our website, EnglishPod.com.
And until next time. Bye. Bye.
