Hello everyone and welcome to another edition of This Just In. I am joined here with Catherine.
Hello everyone.
And today we have two special guests. We have Gulam back by popular demand.
Hello people.
I think everyone really enjoyed your Jai Ho from last time you were with us.
Although I think he was known at the time as Dr. Subhani.
It's Dr. Subhani. We actually have some questions from users about different medical questions, Dr. Subhani.
Alright, sure, sure, shoot them.
Alright, and we have the new intern for a Spanish pod. His name is Bryant.
Hi.
So he's representing Spanish pod instead of Liana today because she's a little bit tied up.
Yeah, well, we still have a strong Spanish-speaking contingent here in the studio.
We've got two of four, so that's 50% not bad.
Nice, and we also have some Hindi, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, tell us something in Hindi. How do you say hi in Hindi?
Usually depends on the location, I would say, and also on the language you're conversating with.
Because you have also different dialects, right?
Yeah, different languages, yeah.
Usually, if it's a normal person, they would just greet someone by saying Namaste.
Namaste.
Or if it's a Muslim person, they would say Assalamu Alaikum.
Oh, yeah, that's cool.
Yeah.
Alright, see, we have a...
It's hard to generalize.
It's like a Benetton ad here in the studio.
It is very colorful. I'm on the pale end, though.
It's alright.
No, you speak Italian, though.
You're also representing the Islamic community.
True, true, tall.
And good Chinese.
Yeah, I speak some Chinese.
Yeah, you probably got the best Chinese in this room.
Yeah.
That's very nice of you.
Alright, so we're going to be looking at upcoming lessons.
On Monday, we have the grand finale of I'm Sorry I Love You.
I've been waiting for so long for the end of this show.
Yeah, and actually...
Mostly because I'm the star.
You're so egocentric.
Humble, I think, is the word you were looking for.
And actually, that's where Gulam makes an appearance by popular demand.
Yes, I finally got a few lines.
A few? You got a couple of good ones.
Thanks to Marco, yeah, I get a few lines.
But I'm not going to give him much.
Thrilling is one word that comes to mind when I think of this episode.
It's the end of this nice, romantic, dramatic soap opera.
Crazy.
That's a good thing because usually I don't listen to it.
I haven't listened to it.
But I like to, when something is already over, so I can listen to it all together.
And I don't have to wait for the next episode.
Yeah, you're impatient like me.
I like to do it all at the same time, like TV shows.
Yeah, I don't like to watch each week the episodes.
I just prefer to download or watch the entire season.
Legally, of course.
Of course, using iTunes plays 99 cents each episode.
Alright, so that's the finale.
On Wednesday, we have the Presidential Speech Part 2 of Eisenhower's farewell speech.
So it's an advanced lesson, yeah.
And we're going to get Pete's insight on the United States,
especially about when they say in God, when they mention God a lot in politics in the United States.
It is a very interesting topic, actually, because it comes up all the time.
Yeah, and the president always says, and God bless America.
And God, we trust is on our money.
Yeah, so that's very interesting.
And on Friday, we're going to go to the gym.
I need to go to the gym, so do I.
I think we all need to go.
I'm okay, I'm okay.
Yeah, well, you've lost a lot of weight, Gulen. What happened to you?
I have no idea, actually.
Like I said, I ate twice as much as I usually eat when I was on holiday.
But then, I guess because of the heat and the lifestyle,
and I was pretty much active a lot on holiday.
What is your secret, Gulen?
Just don't eat Chinese food.
That does do it.
Yeah, that does do it.
So we're going to be learning about using the treadmill.
You have some experience on that.
I just bought a treadmill.
I'm very excited.
So you're not going to go to the gym anymore?
No.
Wow.
I'm tired of the gym.
The gym is all crowded, and people are rude,
and you have to wait in line, and then you shower, but it's not your shower.
Yeah, that kind of is not very good.
So I'm excited I get to run in front of the TV and whatever.
You can watch TV.
I can wear my pajamas.
You can run your pajamas in the morning.
You don't have to dress up.
You don't need any makeup.
Exactly.
Who wears makeup to the gym, really, though?
I don't know.
They do, actually, here in China.
Those are some of the girls.
All right, so those are three lessons for this week.
But we also have a very special lesson on Tuesday.
The new show called Director's Cut is coming up.
Ooh, so Director's Cut is actually a cool phrase
because you often see this as a special feature on DVDs.
Yeah.
Director's Cut is pretty much the version of the film
that the director wanted to make,
but the company that released the film said, no, it's too long.
It's too long, or it's not commercial.
Right, it's not commercially viable.
And so they have these extra scenes
or extra situations that you don't see in the normal movie.
So do they include bloopers?
Well, actually, Director's Cut, not really, no.
Not really, but they'll...
Like the special features of the DVD would.
It's like his vision, it's more or less.
Or an alternate ending, for example.
Exactly.
Or extra scenes, extra conversations, extra explosions.
All right.
I recently watched,
because I haven't really watched any of the Lord of the Rings movies,
so I watched the Director's Cut extended version of part one,
and it was like four hours long.
Man.
Two DVDs.
That is really long.
So in total, it's probably 12 hours for the whole trilogy.
Yeah, there's six DVDs.
Oh, wow.
But yeah, the show, Director's Cut,
we're going to be just talking about different movies,
mostly recent movies that are in theaters now
or that were recently in theaters.
But we'll also take a look back once in a while
to the classics, maybe like The Godfather.
Of course, how can you not look back?
Yeah.
So we'll just get opinions from different people here
about that office part, about the movie,
what they liked, they didn't like,
and just talk about movies that it's such a great topic.
We don't have opinions here at Office Pod.
We're full of opinions.
I know Gulam is very opinionated.
I'm not sure about that.
Yeah, you are.
Yeah, you are.
All right.
So those are our three lessons,
plus the extra show coming out every Tuesday.
So every Tuesday, you can look forward to having a Director's Cut,
and we'll be having more and more surprises as time goes.
I think our users should post comments
on our website, englishpod.com,
especially comments regarding their favorite movies
or movies that they want to hear us talk about,
because, you know, we like suggestions from you guys, too.
Okay, yeah.
I think that's a good suggestion.
Yeah, and it's going to be my debut.
Yeah, yeah, that's some Gulam's debut.
All right, guys.
So we'll see you on the website, englishpod.com.
Send us as many suggestions as you can.
There's like a billion movies out there,
and we'll try and satisfy everyone.
Bye, everyone.
Bye.
All right, bye-bye.
englishpod.com.
