Hello everyone, welcome back to another edition of this just in hello. I'm here with Liliana Mata from Spanish pod
Oh, yeah, Catherine Mathis from Italian pod. Ciao and another Guerrero from marketing
Or from customer service
customer service manager, please
manager
Sorry
All right. So we're here again
We have two girls and two guys kind of to make it a little bit more dynamic because well
Some people were saying that our show is a little bit sexist. It is we don't have enough. It is you macho
It was just say let's just say a little hormone heavy hormone heavy
But that's what it does what makes it like pretty interesting yeah for dudes
actually
Our fans are girls most of them exactly
So we're here to help mix it up a little bit and get some male fans. Yeah
Okay, fair enough. You're gonna have to work hard though. Yeah, right for what?
The male fans. Yeah
All right, so on this occasion we're gonna talk about about the normal things let's start with the lessons coming up next week
Alright for
Monday we have a sports lesson. We're gonna be talking about skiing
You see testosterone all the way what skiing is not it's not testosterone
Yeah, what about like have you done anything of beauty parlor dieting? That's nice. I see yoga
Well, we're doing a sport. Yeah, yoga's not a sport. It's a discipline
Yeah, you try to do one class of yoga and we'll see if you'll be in here's exactly if you don't call that
I went once man. They destroyed me. Yeah, he was almost crying. Why do you go to yoga?
A lot of guys go it's a room full of women apart from the obvious. It's really good for your health
It's really good for your mind
It's a really great way to relax after a long day of work
But also how can you relax when like a trainer is breaking your body in half?
Most of it is you control it yourself. You're allowed to kind of flex as much as you know
It's good, but it's so expensive and away you go away and it's not a trainer in yoga
You have an instructor you have an instructor or a master master
Shifu sounds kinky when it comes to skiing. I'm curious. What kind of skiing are you talking about downhills?
We're gonna be looking at downhill skiing, but like just the basic way
But we're in the middle of the summer. Can we talk about water skiing? It's the winter for some people. Yeah, it's winter. Yeah, it's chilly. Yeah
chilly
I know you never think
It's just normal skiing
It's not like biathlon where you get to shoot at things you shoot at things while you're skiing
Biathlon is where you ski cross-country and at the same time you have to stop in like shoot things with an arrow. Yes
It's very stupid. I think it's a stupid. It's a news. It's a new Olympic sport. It's an Olympic sport
Imagine you are gonna fall and you shoot someone like it's really dangerous. You know what they should make it like professionals
I think they probably they got to be professional. What about the beginning?
I think an alien invented that sport because it was not Canadian. What is it Scandinavian? Yes
Oh, it's kind of name is just so they have another sport to win a medal. Yeah, careful what you say. I'm
Scandinavian you're like one quarter point zero
five
My mom has a Swedish citizenship until she was 23. So mmm. Oh, so bam in your face
Okay, you know what they should make an Olympic sport paintball. That's a challenging rainbow. Yeah, that's not a challenging sport
It's like why not? It's like shooting a target is an Olympic sport. Why are you like shooting at other people with paint?
That's not I'm sorry that cannot be you know, which one is really cool though summer games kayaking that's cool
Oh, yeah, like they go down a hill. Well in a river waterfalls. Yeah, but it's all it's all artificial
Okay focus, okay. All right
Talk about skiing. Well, you know boots skis downhill and just some basic stuff that you
Broken arms cuz every time my friends go skiing someone comes home with a broken arm. How do you break your true fall down true?
What about snowboarding anybody snowboard?
I do I do I'm a master of snowboard. Me too. Oh, yeah, bring it on
All right on on Wednesday, we're gonna be looking at a dialogue called job well done
So basically giving praise to somebody for doing a good job. What kind of job?
So basically you're giving a presentation and it goes really well. So somebody's like, wow, you did a really good job
Great job. So this could also be at school, you know
When you give a presentation at school and your teachers say a great job
Great job today. So like all the stuff that you would say like wow, you really blew me away or that was incredible and stuff
I was impressed Lou me away. Yeah, and on Friday, we're gonna be looking at getting a phone plan
We're gonna be getting a mobile phone. So this is the states where of course if you want to have a phone you actually have to
Go to a company a phone company like AT&T. Yeah
They're gonna rise and you have to buy like a year plan
They're tricky because they say oh come and buy an iPhone for only two hundred dollars
But it's like two hundred dollars plus at like three years contract. No, they're like their total
It's like $800 phone and and the contract with their company. Yeah, they're nasty. I am seriously
I think you're nice. No, you are but seriously in the States
I think is the worst the worst to have a cell phone is so expensive and you have to pay for text
Sometimes if you don't get the right plan, like you go over information like if you were buying a house
It's like I remember when I live there was like what is your social security number? I'm like, I'm Mexican dude
I don't have one
And it's so hard to get it because yeah, and it's impossible to cancel it
I when I moved away from the states
We still had a plan for like six months because it was part of a group plan
Yeah, and I couldn't I couldn't stop it you want to stop it. You had to pay like hundreds of dollars
Yeah, and then I couldn't use my phone
You can't use your phone that you bought with AT&T you can't take the card out because there's a lock on it
Yeah, you have to bring it to China. Yeah, and they do their magic. Yeah
But so I gravitate it is interesting because like everyone especially with the new iPhones and stuff
They're like $100, but you can only get it with AT&T and like a lot of people are frustrated about it
yeah, because AT&T is not at no offense to AT&T, but it's
One of my favorite services. I had singular when I was there. I had Verizon
It seems like a good plan though, cuz for like $30 hear me now
For $30 you can get like 5,000 minutes
I'm gonna kill you
Okay, it's a pretty good thing for $30 you can get like 5,000 minutes or you can speak on weekends for free
But I actually finished those minutes. How do you finish 5,000?
I seriously did. Girls, girls, girls stuff, you know, they just talk and talk and talk
No, it's that you have to get the right plan
So I got the one where it was like free nights and weekends anywhere in the US
Yeah, and so like I'd always call my parents on the weekends
I call my friends at night and like, you know, if you're in school or something
It's not a big deal because you're not really calling people all during the day
But yeah, also if you work, you know, like a word you use a work phone and when you go out after six
It's free, right? So exactly you can go out. Well, I always pass how many minutes do you use now?
Do you I don't think you use more than 5,000 minutes. I have no idea
The thing is that here in China you do everything by text in the US
You don't text that much you call because it's so cheap, right? Yeah, but here by here is super cheap
Yeah, it's very cheap. Like I spent I spent no more than $15 per month
And I talked and text unlimited, but you know, it's getting annoying that they text way too much
They text back there was an article in the states like maybe
the average teenager averages
4,000 texts a month. Yeah
It's unbelievable. Yeah, I remember in other places you would have supposedly unlimited texts
But it was actually 5,000 because it's considered a number that you will not text 5,000 a month
Right, but people do they're like they went over it so they had to like
Increase the value of it or something. Yeah, because it's so difficult. It's like, okay. I'll see you there. We're here
Okay, what time?
You know, it's back and forth instead of it. I don't know you get lazy to write the whole thing
So we just go back and forth this evening
We're stupid. But have you seen how how skilled you get at texting now? It's this no it's not with a knife
Yeah
I like it's like your thumbs are huge
Yes, it's true. But like before remember when they you had to text each yeah each button so it would be like
It was so fast people would be like and not even looking at their at their
You know, I saw once in tv they did a contest like a guy texting a little it was a little message
so he had to text it in and the competition was against a guy who does that
So he's doing like all the morse code yeah
Was it morse code or tell no telegram?
So, yeah
They did a contest to see who will test it first who will send it first and the guy from the telegram one
Yeah, they're so fast like that
Because they do it letter by letter, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, they have short codes exactly. He won. He won. Yeah, that's my point
All right
Thanks for your insight. Oh, you're welcome. So uh, you should buy a telegram or something
You should buy a telegraph. You should go back to basics forget the iphone get a telegraph
All right. Now it's time for us to take a look at the country of the week
What is the country of the week? Well, it's the country each week
We're choosing a country that has a lot of users or a lot of visitors
And um, but we don't see them too much on the comment section of the site. So italy
No france. No spain rasha. No. No, we already had russia brazil japan
This time it's china china china
So we have a lot of users from china but not really a lot of them actually comment on the second
Comment guys
Yeah
Don't be afraid. Everyone's very nice
Yeah, there's a lot of people there and we also have a lot of there's 1.3. Actually 1.3 billion
1.3 billion. Yeah
That's a lot of people. He said there's a lot of people that I know a lot of people on the site
Oh, okay. And also thanks to our users our native users who actually
Correct a lot of the grammar mistakes that are that other users are making. Um
We have stevester
Steve stirs to start he well sister actually he's a spanish pod user. Yeah, and he helps you with your english
He's all over the place. Yeah, is he on chinese pot as well? Do you know sometimes? I don't know
I don't know. Yeah, he's my teacher. We also have user 2048
Hey 2048's on a time pod. Really? Hey user 2048. What's up?
He's also on there and he he takes a look at what some people write and and makes some minor corrections as well
That's nice. Yeah high five to all those that help because um, it's great
Yeah, and also again to maxim he's kind of a legend on the site now. He basically transcribes every single lesson
He is amazing. I know I I cannot believe he actually does that
No, i'm definitely impressed and he's also
Phd candidate. I don't remember. Yeah. Yeah, so he's probably used to
Long hours studying and working and has a very good work ethic. So yeah, he's from russian. So he's russian. Yeah, he's russian
Wow
Maxim, thank you guys for helping out. We really appreciate it. And anything else you guys want to add?
Michael jackson. Oh, well, yeah the news should we talk about the king of pop the king of pop died
I'm so sad. There are mixed feelings about this all over the world, right?
Some people are like no and it's terrible. I mean I understand where people I mean, I know that
Yeah, he was he was not guilty actually for the charges. He was accused. He was accused
Yes, and the trial was like five months and all that
But in the end people are gonna remember him for his talent. Yeah, he's an icon and they should we all grew up with him
You know how many kids when they're 10 tried to go and walk and fell on their faces
What are you talking about? Yes, you did. No, he's 80s, man. Yeah
Exactly. I made these I made these as well. I was born in 84 me too. I mean
He obviously suffered from mental illness and had a lot of issues and
You know had health issues as well and you know dying at 50. That's really young
Yeah, and it's 50, you know for someone to have been so talented and to
Yeah to struggle with that for so long. I you know, I feel kind of
I don't know
I'm not an apologist
But I think you should be remembered for being the king of pop and for giving the world a lot of amazing music
And for influencing a whole generation of musicians a lot of musicians
I heard they're gonna have some type of tribute to the king of pop and from what I know a lot of hip-hop artists rappers
Uh pop stars as well were influenced by michael jackson. So i'm sure a lot of p did he tweeted about it today?
He did. What did he say?
He was saying he's been missed and he's gonna send his prayers to
Jacko's family and
You know that he was just an influential figure in his life. Quincy jones. Quincy jones
I think quincy jones, um produced thriller. Yeah. Yes, I think thriller is still the most sold album in history
You know, he actually sold 750 million albums of thriller. No, no, no total total. Oh, I mean that's
750 million that's incredible. That's what like three times the us or something. It's ridiculous. It's amazing
Yeah, it's great. So yeah a great artist and I really wished I could have
Been able to see him live. Yeah, that would have been amazing that I would have loved to see with him
Tell me about that like I was watching a concert a video of one of his concerts and he's such a good performer like everything's like
Synchronized to be perfect, you know, and it last like he wrote his music and he he wrote the lyrics and he danced
And he was just a hundred percent performer. Yeah, that's I think rare these days. Yeah, true. So well, um
That's it for today. Rest in peace. Rest in peace michael. Jackson and welcome say goodbye with some michael jack
All right, we'll see you guys next time
