Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I'm Erica and today
We have some really interesting topics. Yes some great news. Yes
Okay. Well, first of all, we want to thank everyone who joined our conference on Friday. Yep
It went really well
We had a couple of users and we were testing it to see how it would go and to see what would be the user response
Yeah, so we might do it again, right? Yeah, we might do it again. Basically
We had an online audio video and chat session with a lot of you guys our users
And then we wanted to see how it would work with our site. So so we might do something like this again in the future
Okay, great. So Erica, why don't you tell us now about the lessons we have coming up next week?
We've got some great lessons next week
There was a lot of positive response to our story about Santa Christmas Chronicles. Yeah, that was a good dialogue
So we've got the second part of this story Christmas Chronicles 2
Christmas Chronicles 2 is coming out next week. So in this lesson, we're gonna hear a lot more Christmas language, right?
We're gonna get some great police language and we're gonna find out what happened to Santa Claus. Yeah. Yeah, I'm dying to know
It's really good. So be sure to listen to it because it's a great ending. Yes Marco and I are pretty proud of this
Yeah, it's really good. Yeah
We also have a great lesson about making an appointment
Yes, an elementary lesson that will help you to schedule your appointments in English, right and a great one about suggesting where to eat
Yes language for talking about food and recommending restaurants and recommending restaurant. That's something that's really important to me
I do love a good restaurant. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so really useful language really great lessons. So be sure to listen next week
Mm-hmm. So now it's time for us to name our user of the week. Yeah this week
I want to say a very special. Thank you to the Don Machiavelli of the Don. Yes
He's a really avid listener. I guess he's still in high school. It seems. Yeah, I think he's from Morocco
Yeah, I think he's from Morocco
But basically he's a really active user does a lot of great questions and great posts on the website
And I particularly liked his continuation of the Christmas Chronicles story. Yeah, you should check that out. It was really creative
Yeah, we really liked it. So great job done and keep up the good work. Yes. Okay. Well, that's all today
Well, that's all for today on this just in be sure to listen to our lessons next week
Leave your questions and comments and remember if you have any lesson ideas, just tell us yes
We really love to hear our user lesson ideas because we want to make sure we're giving you guys lessons that you need and you want
so please send us a message or you can
Write a post on the website and we'll do our best to write a lesson about your topics. Great. So until then it's goodbye
