Hello, everyone, and welcome back to another edition of Directors Cut.
I'm here joined with Katherine again.
Hi, everyone.
Bill.
Hello.
Or William, aka Bill.
Bill's fun.
And John again.
Hey, guys.
And today we're going to talk about this awesome movie that I actually recently watched.
I haven't seen it.
I hadn't seen it before, Fight Club.
Famous Fight Club.
It was like a huge, huge hit in the States.
I didn't know what to expect.
I thought it was going to be like a kickboxing movie or something.
It was based on a book.
Really?
Chuck Palanuk.
Yeah.
Palanuk.
That's how you pronounce it.
I always wondered.
It's really difficult last night.
It is a very weird looking last night.
But it's a good movie.
It was an awesome movie.
I didn't...
We're not going to spoil it for you if you haven't seen it, but it has a lot of
different angles.
And you really have to pay attention to it from start to end because it gets really weird.
You might even have to watch it twice.
Yeah.
Which is what most people I've ever talked to have done.
Those are the best movies.
Those are the best movies.
Like The Sixth Sense.
Sixth Sense.
I didn't watch it twice.
I didn't watch that one twice either.
You don't really need to.
But it was good.
You noticed a lot more though on The Second Sense.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Thanks, John.
It's a photo.
I'm with your captain.
It's a photo.
I'm with your captain.
So Fight Club stars Brad Pitt and Edward Norton as the protagonists of this film.
And the antagonist.
And the antagonist.
Yes.
Two awesome actors.
Two awesome actors.
Really awesome.
Edward Norton is a very good actor.
He does seem a little bit...
I don't know how he'd say it.
Creepy?
Delicate.
He's got a very delicate voice.
Unless he was the Hulk when he was pretty...
Maybe he's just acting.
This is why it surprised me that they chose him for the Hulk.
This is too delicate for the Hulk.
But no, he's perfect because he's a little scientist.
Have you seen American History X?
Yeah.
He's pretty macho in that movie.
Yeah.
True.
But then in the end, he kind of softens up a bit too.
I do see his soft side.
He's very apparent.
And Brad Pitt also acts as a kind of out of control, kind of weirdo as well.
Which actually he did a good job in Seven Monkeys.
Twelve Monkeys.
Twelve Monkeys.
Twelve Monkeys.
He's really good being the out of control character.
Yeah, he's good at that.
What was the Guy Ritchie film where he was an Irish Gypsy?
Snatch.
Snatch.
Two very good actors.
And the movie basically, as the name says, Fight Club, they form this type of club, underground,
a very closed club where people go and just fight.
Fight each other.
Not for money, not for...
You don't pay to get into this club, they just go and fight.
So this is one of the main controversies or the main topics of discussion is what did the
Fight Club actually represent?
Why did these people go in there and just fight?
You know, they're regular people, waiters, doctors, you know, police officers, whatever.
Why are they fighting?
For nothing.
I think the movie gives you some of those answers.
It points out all the problems with modern society, right?
All the things that frustrate people.
All the ways that people go crazy in our modern world.
And the ways that people don't connect.
Like maybe they want to or they wish they could and they need a violent way to let out
that frustration.
Interesting.
It is true that, for example, in modern America now, interpersonal relationships have been reduced.
Now people just email or even chat the person across their desk, right?
Or they don't talk at all because they live in immense cities and they don't have many
friends.
And so, you know, Edward Norton's character is absolutely an example of this, someone
who is socially isolated in a big city.
It's ironic, but I think it's really common.
Right.
Edward Norton's character, he is a, he works for a big car company analyzing risks, right?
For cars that may or may not have problems and if they do, they might have to be recalled
depending on if it's viable or not, right?
Financially viable.
Financially viable.
So his character is very, he has a routine, he's traveling all the time, he's living
out of a suitcase and he's very bored with his life, right?
Whereas Brad Pitt's character is more outgoing, he's kind of crazy, kind of wild.
Spontaneous.
Spontaneous.
Almost the exact opposite.
The exact opposite and they meet by chance on an airplane.
And that's where the story kicks off, right?
And together they form the Fight Club.
And they kind of become friends.
They start using each other for special support, yeah, support company.
But they're not like buddy, buddy, like, yeah, a large part of the focus of the
movie is this Fight Club that keeps growing and growing and growing.
So there's a very famous scene and the most famous, probably one of the most famous quotes
from the Fight Club is the part where they explain the rules, because they have rules
in Fight Club.
So why don't we listen to a short clip of this now.
Every week Tyler gave the rules that he and I decided, gentlemen, welcome to Fight Club.
The first rule of Fight Club is you do not talk about Fight Club.
The second rule of Fight Club is you do not talk about Fight Club.
Third rule of Fight Club, someone yells stop, goes limp, taps out, the fight is over.
Fourth rule, only two guys to a fight.
Fifth rule, one fight at a time, fellas.
Sixth rule, no shirts, no shoes.
Fifth rule, fights will go on as long as they have to.
And the eighth and final rule, if this is your first night at Fight Club, you have to
fight.
All right, we're back.
So now the rules of the Fight Club, you never talk about the Fight Club.
We're breaking rule number one and two as we speak.
But it was interesting that it kept growing and supposedly you're not allowed to talk
about it and still more and more people were going there, right?
So why do you think people were hitting each other or like just beating the crap out of
each other?
Well, I don't know, I think John had a good point there, like people maybe feel really
isolated from each other.
So this is like the one way they can really connect with each other.
You're actually you're connecting with somebody that not using words, but you're physically,
you know, manhandling somebody and punching them and you know, I mean, you're you're
you're creating connection there somehow.
Do you think this really could happen in like in real life if we were to form a
Fight Club, we would have a lot of frustrated people, depressed people.
There's a there's a trend in Poland, actually, with these guys who are really, really into
football, soccer, and they they go to these games and they're D3 games, they're not really
important on a national scale.
And the only reason they go really, they don't even watch the game is to just fight
to beat the crap out of each other.
And then they take it off the sidelines and they actually take it into the woods and they
just beat each other.
And then they're friends afterwards.
Some of them.
Yeah, I think they go get a beer afterwards.
Wow.
No, but it's kind of a problem because it's kind of spilling over into other parts of society
because you know, violence begets violence, right?
The more you do it, the more angry and physical you want to be.
Do you think we are a violent society by by nature?
Like, do you think we enjoy violence?
It's part of our gene.
So not necessarily society, but like beings.
Yeah.
Well, because like, for example, we have so many gruesome sports and it's like if
you go back to, for example, the Roman times, you had the gladiators, right?
And people would attend and cheer for the line or for to eat the gladiator or for them
to kill each other and die.
Now, we don't have sports like that now anymore, but you do have ultimate fighting.
You have boxing matches.
You have people who organize underground dog fights and cock fights.
And you have people stopping to look when there's a car accident.
Exactly. That's why traffic forms, right?
It's not because the accident is actually blocking a large part of the road is
because people are driving by really slowly to take a look at the car accident.
Yep. So it is one of those things, I guess, that we can't avoid.
Although some people would argue that that this is a way for people to also get in
touch with their own mortality because we're all mortal, right?
So you're looking at it.
You're kind of being exposed to it.
You're thinking about it.
It's kind of a loop.
But like, for example, have you ever taken a look at your six o'clock news or
in the States or eleven o'clock news?
It's like 85 percent of it is all murder, rob.
Somebody was robbed.
Somebody was murdered.
Somebody had a car chase.
It's all like violent related news.
It's not like anything in the other 15 percent is, OK, international news or
the president or something.
But it's mostly all violent stuff, especially Fox.
It intrigues. I think it intrigues people.
You know, it intrigues me.
I mean, I think, you know, we definitely all have an animal side to our,
you know, ourselves.
Maybe men do more.
Maybe possibly Catherine.
Do you I mean, when I'm on my bike right in China here, I get cut off.
I really do feel like hitting somebody sometimes.
I mean, I know Catherine on her bike.
Catherine is suffers from road rage in her bike.
I've never acted on a feeling.
OK, never acted except when that woman hit me.
And so and you told her off the feeling is there, you know, and definitely.
But, you know, people are also territorial and there's some things
that are just whatever that you just can't control.
But it's the way that you act afterwards that I think is important.
So I guess this is one of the things that the film treats, right?
It's kind of this this human nature and how people interact with each other
and how they, as John mentioned, the outlet that they have is just like this
this underground violent way of just letting go or being in control.
You know, you see a guy who's not really in control, who has kind of a crap job,
who wants to feel power in some way.
And one way of doing that is through physical violence.
You have power over another human being.
So as the movie progresses, it gets a lot more interesting
because it goes beyond the fight club, right?
And they start forming some type of army
to do a little bit of mischief around the city or to prove a point more.
Right. Or anarchy.
Their goal is complete anarchy.
They want to destroy civilized culture.
And well, we're not going to spoil the end,
but it gets really, really good towards the end.
So do you think last question,
do you think that anarchy is actually a viable possibility in society?
Do you think it could work?
No. What do you think, John?
No, no, Bill.
I've seen it on the streets here in Shanghai occasionally,
and it doesn't seem to work.
Well, there is a little bit of ordering chaos right on the streets.
Well, like people need to be in groups.
You know, we're born into a family.
A family is part of a larger group, which is a part of a larger group.
And even if we don't have the state on top,
which, you know, is one kind of anarchy,
I don't think that we should abandon all groups in the bottom.
Yeah, abandon all order, you know.
Anarchy can exist, but only briefly.
Briefly? What do you mean?
If it does exist, then we just destroy each other.
Someone will take power.
Someone will step into the vacuum.
Yeah. All right.
Now, John, you mentioned that there were some philosophical points in the movie.
Do you care to enlighten us with one of them?
Oh, it's just about, you know, anarchy and nihilism
and what does modern society do to people, right?
Because, you know, we talked about the different aspects of human nature.
And then look at how Edward Norton's character fits into that.
Like in the beginning, we see how he buys all this stuff through catalogs.
He's always on a plane.
His job is related to insurance.
So look at how that deals with all.
So look at what that does to all of his human interactions.
Right. And then in the end,
he just ends up just beating on people.
That's how he relates to people.
True. True.
How many of you actually own IKEA furniture or have bought furniture at IKEA?
Never furniture, only a lamp lamp and some kitchen stuff.
I have a few things I have.
I have bought a chair from IKEA.
It's very strange, right?
I actually I am not not not over the catalog, though.
I went to the store, you went to the store.
I dealt with the human being.
I had some human interaction.
That was all I did for the week.
But I have never bought anything at IKEA.
I don't know why.
Have you been to an IKEA?
I have not.
The Shanghai one is really special.
There was an article about it in an American magazine.
I heard that people go there not to shop, but actually to use the fridge.
And enjoy the air conditioning.
And to buy cheap hot dogs.
I've heard about really cheap hot dogs.
I've heard about the hot dogs and the meatballs.
And the Swedish meatballs are delicious there.
Uh-huh.
So this is I can see how you guys fit in the movie as well in this pattern of fear.
That's why I have all these violent urges all the time.
It's like Catherine has road rage on her bike.
On the way to IKEA.
Okay, I'm just admitting it.
The road is our own fight club.
As long as you don't act on it, I think you're right about that.
All right.
So, uh, okay.
Time to grade the movie.
What would you give it, Bill?
I would give it, I would give it a solid B plus.
B plus.
All right.
Interesting.
Any, any criticism toward it?
Was it lacking something?
Um, I don't know.
I'm not the biggest Brad Pitt fan.
I don't know.
When it comes down to it.
Like, I don't know.
It's, it's hard to explain.
There's something, maybe I need to give another watch.
Maybe Tom Hanks should have been Brad.
Yeah, that would have been much better.
Why?
I think, I think this is, like we mentioned earlier,
this is a movie you need to watch a few times.
I've only watched it.
I've watched it in bits and pieces.
So maybe I'm not getting the whole thing.
Bill, don't blame the movie for your own feelings.
Yeah, it's no, that's its fault.
All right, Catherine, what would you give it?
I think I'd give it an A minus because there's a bit of meandering towards
the middle where you're not really sure what the plot's doing,
but by the end of the movie, it's excellent.
So, okay.
A minus.
A minus.
All right, John?
I'd give it an A.
Hey, A minus, A plus, or just A?
No, I just really enjoyed it.
Really?
No criticism's toward it?
I watched it again.
I enjoyed it again.
I haven't seen it recently, but nothing comes to mind,
which is another reason I give it an A.
All right.
So, the characters were pretty good, right?
The actors, apart from Brad Pitt that you didn't like,
Edward Norton, great actor.
That's another thing.
I like Brad Pitt and I like Edward Norton.
Hmm.
Except in Troy.
I didn't really like Brad Pitt in Troy.
Never saw it.
I think it's just his, maybe it's just his reputation precedes him.
Speaking of meandering.
When I just make up Brad Pitt, I don't know.
This is something that's enjoyable about not liking Brad Pitt.
Maybe just being a contrarian in this aspect, but I don't know.
I haven't been all that impressed with most,
actually Tom Cruise in that way.
Yeah, I'm with you.
Tom Cruise, I can't stand Brad Pitt.
I really like.
I think he's some really amazing stuff, too, for New Orleans.
Stand Tom Cruise.
See, that's the thing.
It's not very consistent, though.
He does amazing stuff, but then he also does
some pretty mediocre middle of the road.
Are you angry at him about the Jennifer Aniston thing?
I'm secretly actually really in love with Brad Pitt.
That's what I'm saying.
Are you jealous of his good looks?
I'm jealous of his side prints.
I'll say that.
All right.
So, that's all for today.
It's a great movie.
Do you recommend to watch it?
I think an A is the recommendation.
All right.
It's because you guys...
All right, pluses.
So, it's a great movie.
We recommend you watch it.
It is a little bit gruesome at times, also, but worth watching.
And we'll be back next time with another great movie
here on Director's Cut.
So, that's all for today.
Goodbye, everyone.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
