Hello everyone welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I'm Erika and today
We're joined here in our studio with our user of the month. Jaqing. Hi everyone. Yeah
Jaqing has done an awesome job of
Participating in the community and helping all of the other users. So we're so happy that he's in the studio today
Yeah, so Jaqing tell us about yourself
Well, you're from China. Yeah, I'm from Shanghai
China, I'm a software engineer and
Work for USA company. Okay, so that's why English is important for you. Yeah
Yeah, I use English for my work every day. Do you talk to clients or a lot of foreigners? No
In fact, I just send the email to my UK co-works
Okay, so you do a lot of like email communication. Yeah in English. Yeah. Okay, cool
Okay, Jaqing. Well, let's get to know you a little bit better. I have some questions
You told us that you've studied English in school before right? Yes high school and all that stuff middle school. Yeah, I think I
Study English when I was a pupil like a
Primary school
So, what do you think about learning English like this in the classroom learning English at classroom is boring
I hated learning English at that time. Really? Yeah. Yeah
I felt the same way when I was in school learning French. Yeah, it's I guess it's not really that much fun in the classroom
Right. Yes. What do you think is the hardest thing about learning English to me?
Remember the vocabulary is the hardest one really but you have such a good vocabulary
So what do you do to help yourself remember the vocabularies?
I think just practice and use it like
native speakers
Okay. Okay. Do you have any special things that you do to help you study or any secrets that you can tell
some of our listeners I
Think there is no secrets on learning any languages
Just practice and practice just practice and practice. Yeah is the secret
How many how many hours a day do you practice or do you listen to the podcast?
I listen the lessons
For two hours each day for two hours each day. Yeah for two hours each day. Wow. Is this after work or I
Listened the lessons when I was on the subway
Okay, and the bus on the bus. Okay, so you have a an iPod or an mp3 player. Yeah
Okay. Well, and finally, what what is it that you like about English pod and
English pod of for the affords a good platform for learning English and and I can
Make friends here and they share learning English experience. Okay, I mean like
Posting the comments and all that stuff. Yes, I post the comments and then we we can change it the email address and
like the
Amazon we can chat at Amazon
That's one of the things that we think is so important that English pod is the chance for
learners to talk to each other and help each other and that's why we chose you to be the user of the month because you
Do such a great job at helping everyone. Exactly. Thanks
Okay. Well, we also have some great lessons coming up next week that we want to talk about Erica. What is the first one?
Okay next week, we've got three new lessons coming out and the first lesson is called canceling an appointment
So we're gonna be teaching you how you can cancel an appointment with your boss or a friend. Okay, that can be so useful
Yeah, definitely so you can cancel your appointments with your boss. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, we're glad you didn't cancel your appointment with us today
And we also have a lesson next week about
Opening a bank account. Yeah, that's really useful when you're in an English-speaking country
Maybe you're living there or you're gonna be there for a while. You need to open a bank account
So we're gonna show you how yes as we can lots of vocabularies about money
Mm-hmm. I know that when I wanted to open a bank account here in China, it was
Maybe the banker Taylor's should learn English by the visits
Yeah
All right, and we also have a really fun lesson about basketball. Mm-hmm. Yeah, so basketball is a popular sport in China
Yes, but I think without you I mean the CBA is worse than the worst
Yeah, all right. So Marco we're soon coming to the end of our beta testing at English pods
Exactly, like everyone knows we launched about two months ago and at the end of this month our beta testing phase is over
So we want you to keep listening and take advantage of a special promotion that we're launching if you pay for a 12 month
Subscription before January 31st. You will get a 15 month subscription
So you get three months for free exactly great. That's a good one, right? Yeah, so micro. What's the price?
I'm glad you asked your king. The price is 69 US dollars for the 12 month subscription
Wow, right, so it's not really that expensive
Yes, it's 69 US dollars for a year is pretty good. Yeah. Yeah, and it's like six dollars a month. So it's not that expensive
Yes, so I hope everyone keeps listening because we're gonna be coming out with more advanced lessons
We're gonna be coming out with some extra shows maybe talking about business and culture
Yeah, so our podcasts are gonna be growing and we're gonna offer you a lot more awesome stuff
Okay guys, so we're out of time. Thank you so much jacking for joining us today. Yeah. Thanks for coming to King
Thanks for the time and we'll see you guys next time until then and until then it's
