Hello everyone, welcome back to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I'm joined here with Bill. Hello. I'm Bill
Hi, Bill. Hi, and we're here with Scarlett
Hello and today we're just gonna talk about upcoming lessons and some news that everyone was asking about on the website
And I guess that's pretty much it. Okay, any other stuff that's going on in marketing
Maybe Bill and Scarlett will fill us in. Alright, so on Monday, we have a lesson that's coming out called bachelor party
Whoo. Yeah, I know. Isn't that awesome? It's totally awesome
so we're gonna be teaching you all this great vocabulary of one of the most popular and
Common situations in North America where when somebody is about to get married they have a bachelor party sure a stag party, right?
Traditionally, it's supposed to be held the day. Is it the night before the war? Yeah, I think yeah, but like it seems like a bad idea
Yeah, if you do that, so usually bachelor parties you go out with your friends like it's for a guy, right?
It's a party for a guy you go out with friends you go drinking and it's basically a celib not a celebration like a it's a sending
Off a farewell of the bachelor hood. Yeah, it's like the last time you get a single guy
Yeah, you'll and so you got to do all these crazy things until you get divorced
So usually what happens is people go to strip clubs or get a stripper right, right? Yeah, I think that's that's general
So that's what we talk about in the dialogue as well. It's spicy dialogue. Oh
it's awesome and
What about for girls a bachelorette party and do yeah, they call it a hen
Hen do hen do and do and do or a hen party
What have you ever been to one? No, I'm going to I'm actually organizing one for February. Oh you are. Yeah
So what are you gonna do? Well, it's in Scotland. So we're gonna
Well, the girls a bit older than me. So she's she wants to rent out a cottage and
Stripper strip a party, but I'm play some board games
I have a few strippers, you know
You're lying
We'll never know I will yeah, that's the thing and be a hot Scottish guy
In a killed in a killed indeed
All right, I've actually never been to a bachelor party. Yeah, you know what? I've never I've never been either
I just do a lot of strip clubs
Cuz I shouldn't announce that to the entire world
On Tuesday we're talking about the top 10 scariest movies of all time
Oh
We're gonna give you we're gonna give you with just our recommendations of some
Really scary movies some that are scarier than others. And if you like that sort of thing, what about the ring?
Did you see the ring? Oh, I thought the ring was quite scary. You did one. I've actually seen. Yeah
I've heard that is a genuinely scary movie. That's why I haven't seen it
These ones just really scary. This is what I wanted. I want to see the Japanese version. Yeah, I've heard it's just like crazy
It's just it's like
Yeah, cuz if you see Japanese and email, it's just like those guys are really creative
And I'm very dark very dark side to them. All right, so that's on Tuesday on Wednesday
We are going to be telling you a scary story
So this is the first advanced media lesson that we're gonna have that English pod
So it's gonna be a little bit different than what you're used to since it's advanced media. We're not gonna really
Have all the elements of a normal lesson. It's going to be more of like you listen to the scary story
We'll talk about it a little bit. We'll talk about a few of the words, but not really so much
Analyzing everything like we usually do so this scary story
You read it right you it's quite scary. It's pretty freaky. I think yeah, it's kind of creepy
It's yeah. No, it's way creepy. You know, what's the creepiest thing about it? It's and it's based on real life
story
It is a little bit weird you were there you you've read it haven't you
Yeah, yeah, you did we we did it. Yeah, I think you were the voice actors for this one
about like
We don't want to give it away. Yeah, the member of the big production
It's great everybody should listen to it even if you're not advanced it's like about the ant one the the great ant who is sick
Oh, yes. Yes, and they write it one. Yeah, so be sure to listen to this one
We we did spend a lot of time on the production for this one and on Friday in honor of the 31st of Halloween
We're going trick-or-treating
trick-or-treat
All right, so hey do you trick-or-treat in England no, we don't it's really American tradition
What do you do for Halloween? We don't really celebrate Halloween
At all like nothing. I tried once when I was about seven trying to initiate it in our little village
So people know about it though. Yeah. Yeah people know about it, but no one does anything really so I have a party
But definitely no trick-or-treating. Do you dress up?
Yeah, yeah
No, well, you know at children's parties and stuff when I was younger, but we don't go dressing up and yeah
I guess it is a completely North American thing Canada in the US. Yeah, I'm sure that I'm sure the candy companies in America
Yeah, I'm sure they did just like Valentine's Day. All of these days are created by marketing. Yeah, it's great
Well, we're gonna go trick-or-treating
Basically, that's when you dress up in a Halloween costume and you go around your neighborhood
ringing people's doorbells and
asking for candy once they open the door you say trick-or-treat trick-or-treat and they have to give you candy and
If they wonderful if they don't give you candy, that's why you say trick or treat
So if they don't give you a treat, then you can destroy their house. You can
You play a trick on them, right? Right. So it's American children. Yeah, I know
And then you wonder why they're spoiled
You don't really destroy their house
Nobody nobody refuses to give you candy. It's part of the well, some people do there's some grumpy old people. Yeah
Yeah, some people like sweets like turn off their their porch door lights. Yeah
They don't follow lights. Well because why do I annoying actually?
Like all the time people coming to well worse the problem I had I I stayed in last Halloween
I don't usually go out trick-or-treating
I wasn't I wasn't out anywhere else
I was at home and I was giving out candy and a lot of the people that came by were like 15 16
Really years old and like how old do you do it?
So we the cut off should be I feel like the cut off should be like tail like 12 at the elementary school
Because they're like full full-grown like adolescent boys
Got mustache and
Not dressed up at all. Actually, I mean, yeah, that's the problem is a lot of them aren't even dressed up. Yeah
They have to be dressed up to give them
But if you don't give them the treat then they'll trick you
Yeah, it is lame when people show up and they're like just wearing their normal clothes. Yeah, that's totally they're like trick-or-treat
I did that the last my last Halloween. I did that you did by the end. We're just like, what are we doing?
Like 15 after you had like a pillowcase full of candy though. Yeah. Well, you beat up the little kids and take their candy
That's also a tradition of Halloween the big kids like steal the candy from little kids
I believe them to go and ask for a first and then yeah, I used to love going to the
Like around Halloween they would have like a haunted mansion. Oh, yeah that wanted house a haunted house. Yeah, that's always fun
There's one in China. I heard about it. Yeah, I've seen that that was like my favorite ride in Disneyland the haunted house
Yeah, me too. It was so I think that's actually called haunted mansion
Yeah, that was that was really cool because they even had like these
Somehow they were able to project a ghost next to you right that you couldn't see but like if you looked in the mirror
You would see it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that was amazing. Yeah, I remember in in you're in an elevator at some point
Yeah, and then like the pictures on the walls like start all you follow you. Yeah, like the eyes follow you as you walk. Yeah
It's really creepy
You would love it. I'm sure
We are actually going to dress up for Halloween on Friday the 30th
Everyone in the office has to come wearing a costume. Otherwise, otherwise, you won't get your paycheck
trick
No paycheck
Exactly. So what are you gonna come as mark? I'm getting my costume this weekend. Luckily. Yeah
Are you keeping it? Is it a closely guarded secret? It is revealed on the last year. I was a robot
Well, I was it was very easy to tell because I was like I had just moved here and I had nothing in my house
I had a big box. So I just like cut it out. That's fine. And then yeah, I was a robot
I was gonna be a water cooler, but didn't work out
Mmm
Yeah, you know like it was just a big box and then have this the water gallon on top and just walk around with that
That's yeah, that's so you don't have to dress up as anything scary then no
No, what's your what's your what's it once you're past the trick-or-treating age?
I feel like it's more attention is paid to creative
Yeah, like or even like there's even like conceptual costumes like represent representing like
Capitalism I'm hunger and you just have like all these sandwiches pasted on your body. It's pretty deep
Anything you'd be full
Yeah
But yeah, make sure to pick out your Halloween costume and one year I went as the pantry pantry man
So I couldn't find anything
So we just got all this stuff out of my pantry and I wore a package of instant noodles as like a medallion
That's lame cereal box as a head as a hat and a trash bag his pants
It was it was actually quite popular really because I was like, yeah, I'm the pantry man and everyone totally knew
It's like look at that guy walking around with some noodles on his neck. That would have been my impression
All right guys, I'd like to see what your outfit is on Friday Scarlett, it'd be amazing actually
All right, now we have some news people have been asking about
Erica, where's Erica?
so
Is Erica? I haven't seen her actually Erica
her husband who is
Who was a sous chef at the Hyatt?
Here in Shanghai, so he's like a really good chef. He got old class world cat class
He got a promotion and he was offered the head chef position and another Hyatt in another country
so
So yeah, that's basically what happened. It was kind of short notice and then Erica had to leave and then we were just you know
Seeing what we do and then Catherine took over and now Catherine is the new lead host for English pod along with me with myself
and
So that's basically what happened
She didn't you know, like it wasn't anything bad or anything. It's just one of these things that happens in life
Yeah, people move people move, especially, you know the new generation like now we're just all over the place
Migratory creatures. We are if you're mad if you just like talk to your grandparents or your parents like if they would
Settle down in one place. They would never move from there, right? You know, like my grandparents are like, why are you moving so much?
Where are you going? How are you gonna have a life? I'm like, right? All right
Well, they're from the generation where if you if you have found a job somewhere
They took care of you for life exactly, you know from from the very beginning all the way through to your pension
Think of the good old days. They couldn't really go anywhere either like without it taking six months
And if you did travel you'll get like Ebola or like something like that
Alright, so that's all the news we have be sure to check out the promotion for October by one get one free
So if you sign up for English pod, you can get a another subscription for another one of our products
Which is Chinese pod Italian pod French part or Spanish pod for free
So yeah, it's just buy one get one free. That's that's pretty cool
You don't even have if you just want to continue with English you can get to you can buy English
You can upgrade to English for a 12-month subscription and we'll give you another 12 months to English pod. Wow
So I mean, that's you can do that too. Yeah, you could do that
So if you get a 12-month subscription to English pod
Then if you don't want any other language, you can just get another 12 months. So you would get 24 months for the price of 12
Yeah, that's awesome. Good deal. Wow. No wonder you have any questions email me
Bill
Bill at Bill calm
Bill at email. No really support at practice language calm. All right, that's all for today guys
Thank you for joining us and we'll see you next time
