Introducing this just in
Directly from the cast of slam dog millionaire
Hello everyone welcome to this just in we are here as Marco mentioned with Goulam
Subhani he is our customer service
He is our customer service representative. So if you ever have any
Doubts or any complaints well you can ask him for people who who don't know he's not a robot
He's not an automatic answering machine. He's
Living I'm not in India. He's an idiot
Very much alive
He's not
Okay, he's from the cast as I said of slam dog millionaire, can you tell us like your role in the movie?
Yeah, there's just one scene where a lot of people get killed. I
Was one of the people in the background who got killed or who killed the other people?
Okay, so you were one of those you were one of those extras who just had two seconds
It was an important role. Actually, it was the most important. See you were dancing at the air, right?
So you saw the bunch of guys dancing I was one of those
Okay later
Goulam or hulam
Yes
You will sing for us the song of slam dog
But before that
Marco is some important news for us. All right. Well, okay getting a little bit serious. We do have some really important
Well, oh, well, I just think that Goula is not important. I'm very important. Well, I'm believe it's cool
Alright so well, first of all, we have upcoming lessons. Let's take a look at what's coming up swim faster
Sweet buster. Alright, so a girl is swimming in the ocean and what is she wearing?
Bikini. Okay, that is inappropriate. I was just asking like why would be different if she was like wearing a pajamas with me
It's not would you listen to it if she was wearing her pajamas, you know that we are now in audio audio podcast
Okay, you know that if a customer ask you you say we're doing audio podcasts, right? No, I say we are gonna do videos soon
Do Indian girls use bikinis when they go to the beach? No, no, no, it's against our culture. We don't do that
What do you what are you serious? Yes, but men do
No, okay, what do you use? All right, most of the people don't really know how to swim like I don't know how to swim
You don't know how to swim. Yeah, I'm too embarrassed to wear a swim
So well now not only you can learn how to swim thanks to the English part lesson
But you can also learn how to sing fast there. Yes faster. Exactly. So it's gonna be easy
And we'll teach you how to swim summer is coming up. So we'll we'll teach you. I want I want to fully covered bathing suit
You'll have a bikini. So
Next lesson job interview part two, that's great. That's really good
So in this one, we're gonna cover the basic aspect of describing your educational background. All right
All right, can I say that I listen to a preview and it is disgusting it can't be disgusting. It's a job. It's disgusting
How can it be that bad? I listen to it and then you tell me. Well, we did throw in a little surprise in there
But it's not disgusting. Did you go to customer service school in back in India? Can I have my coffee back?
Well, don't sit no. Well to be very honest
The thing is Indian people are very nice and sweet and very honest and very helpful
That's why we are good at customer service a big round of applause
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you
Helping the world every day. Yes. Yes phone call one man cannot change the world one man at a time
But one man can make a difference
Thank you, that's a quote of the week that's the quote of the week we're gonna win therefore quote of the week is
Who
Thank you, it's hulam. It's hulam. It's not hulam. Well, the price goes to the other one. It's too late
The person the listener who can send us an audio clip pronouncing gulam's name appropriately will win a prize now
I find that it's a bikini. It's a bikini
We'll mail them a marco action
All right, and the last lesson of the week
we're gonna be
looking at a receptionist and how to
Properly greet and handle any person that comes into an office. Yeah. Yeah
Customer service why do most companies have good-looking receptionists? Isn't that by us?
Like is it that wrong to hire people based on their looks? Well, I can only say that
Me no disrespect, but you remember the receptionist we had
Yeah
Okay. Yeah, and we'll just say that she was good
Come on. Come on looking i'm just saying that she was hired because of her skills. Yeah, why was she fired?
Let's not go there let's not go there let's not go there. All right, so but we don't have a
Let's not touch sensitive topics here
No, but nobody gets fired off his spot
So those are the three lessons coming up be sure to listen to them
And also another thing well, be sure to go to user voice and vote for your favorite show
We have already some results and the vocabulary show is winning
So people really want to learn new difficult vocabulary and in second place we have idiomatic
Phrases slang words like, uh, I don't know. Can you guys think of any
Slaying phrases that you wouldn't really use or you wouldn't find in a textbook right on right on. All right
Uh armpit armpit. I'm not sure if that's a phrase
Telephone no, no, no, no see this is this you learned english
Conventional way you're just remembering your vocab list. No, but you know like leo did it a while ago
He's a bit old and telephone was not there. But when he studied english
No, no, there was there but there was no cell phone, right?
So mobile mobile
Mobile so and in third place and coming up short is the how-to show that's the show with marco
Marco and leo where we teach you
How to do things in english english vote for that one or i'm gonna be fired
Nobody gets fired off
That's strange actually you're italian he's mexican and you're from ecuador and you guys are gonna
You're from india. So so that's racist. I find that very racist. What's your point? What's your point? We are a
Multicultural language company. That's why we can teach how to do stuff in many cultures and many languages
That's the beauty of office part. It's like diy office part podcast
Is that what you guys calling this office plan? We are working office part. Yeah, okay
Well, you can see the blue skies and the rainbow. We we are working off that's painted on the fake sky. Shut up paper
hulam
hulam
So and then I wanted to talk about this facebook compass. We have a facebook page as an amazing
An amazing amount of people, okay
We have 400 fans. All right facebook our facebook profile page already has
400 friends and we are running with a contest a photo contest where all you have to do
Is take a picture of what you have in your purse wallet bag backpack?
Etc. What do I win?
You can win a six month premium english pod subscription
Okay, and we will decide who the winner is
Next monday this monday monday coming up monday monday. Yes. It's the last weekend. So hurry up. Exactly. So where is it?
Oh monday, right monday monday
When when before tuesday after sunday monday monday, all right the first what what day?
monday
Okay, the first day of the week. Oh wait after sunday. Did you say that sunday? No, that's monday. No monday
Well, what are we talking about?
Monday jesus moulin, come on
And I lost you guys
All right, so
And we have a surprise. We also have another contest coming out after this photo contest
It's really good. Yeah, it's good because leo get punched in the face. What's it called?
What's it called? What's it called again?
We are we are keeping it secret, but we can tell you is that our users are going to be able to
No, no, I can't tell you that i'm the star. All right, okay
And in this contest we are allowing the users to
Give us some of the content that we'll actually use on the website. Oh, so you're gonna steal their content
So it's a margo that you're just saying that you're out of ideas. That's what you're saying. No
Gula you're supposed to present everything in the nicest way to the customers. Ladies and gentlemen our customer service manager
Oh, are we on are we on?
I thought I thought we're just testing
Okay. All right, so just facebook user voice be sure to do all these things
So guys hurry up with this photo contest and remember you just have this weekend because monday
We're gonna choose the winner
So if you or your friends want to have a six months free subscription to english pod, just upload your picture of
What's in your bag? Well, hold on. Hold on. Hold on. I'm a bit confused. I'm a bit confused like
It's gonna be a bit dark inside the bag
So you want them to take the stuff out of their bag put it on a table and then take the picture
You know people there's something called flash. Yeah, but still come on
Yeah, what's in your bag? I don't like to talk about that
All right, you're not my dad
Well, you're not gonna win a free subscription with this attitude
All right
So if you guys have any questions any comments or if you have any complaints, please send it to gulam our customer service representative
English products no support at english pod.com right support at english
Support at praxis language support at language
Praxis language support
Do you know where you work mark?
Do you know how hard we work marko?
Support for once you could just spell it out ryan. All right support at praxis language. Thank you
He'll be more than happy to answer your emails and uh, yeah, make sure you address them to leo
All right
All right, so we're out of here. Uh, gulam has to show us some dance steps
Uh, and we're gonna say goodbye with the song that won the best soundtrack in the academy awards. Jai ho. All right
I didn't get paid for this. I'm sorry guys not gonna happen this time. Okay. Wait, what does jai ho mean?
Jai ho means
Like hooray. Yeah, like you say hooray. He paid for it something like that. All right. So, how would you pronounce it?
Jai
No, no, like how would you pronounce it not spell it? How do you say it? Jai ho again jai ho bye. Bye. Bye. Bye
Not bad not bad
Jai ho jai ho
Jai ho jai ho
Jai ho jai ho
Jai ho
That is so racist
You're not my dad braces
But that's the disgrace
Oh, thank you
