Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of This Just In. I am joined as always with Leonardo Guerrero from Spanish Pod
And today we have two very special guests very very very special guests. We are joined in the studio with Claire
Hi, and with Tracy. What's nice, Tracy?
No, it's Tracy
All right, so
Tracy and Claire, you guys are new here to the office pod family. What do you do here exactly?
We do the tasks that no one else wants to do. We do the marketing research and we
Make charts of the progress of the company. Yeah, how are we doing? Are we doing well?
We don't make coffee, by the way
All right, so Tracy, where are you from?
I went to spacey's
No, it's Tracy
And I was in Chicago last semester
I'm going to school in the States now, but I'm originally from China. Oh really? We're in China. I was born in Hainan. Oh nice
Yeah, you know we should go to Hainan. Yeah, it's Sanya. Yeah, do you have a place in Sanya? No, not anymore
Saved on the hotel. So what are you what are you studying in in the States design management design management?
Well, that's kind of a progressive career a progressive major. What is that about? You manage designs and designers
And you make people work for you
That sounds like fun actually. Yeah, you've managed designers
Yeah, cuz I don't have the patience or talent to be a fine artist
So I just make them work for me instead. I think that's a good point cuz artists
I don't think they're really good at management or not really business savvy. I guess
So you need somebody to be there. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. What about you Claire? What are you doing?
I'm studying marketing and PR and I want to represent a company someday
You want to represent a company in PR?
Your own
Yes, I want to represent my own company or your own company and you're also studying in the States, right? Mm-hmm in Chicago as well
How is Chicago? Do you guys like it there?
It's cold. Yeah, it's it's always raining. It's always raining. I'm windy
That's not is it windy. It's called the windy city
I thought it was just a name. No, it is really windy
It's like the Golden State like California's the Golden State, but it's not made of gold, but there was a lot of gold
Okay, good point
anyways
So all right. So today we're gonna be talking about the upcoming lessons for English pod and you guys are gonna help us out
So on Monday, we have a lesson coming out about being at the airport
All right. So remember when we were checking in luck where we were checking luggage and stuff
Which time like the time we traveled
But we took like seven airplanes. Okay, so all seven times
So it's basically the same thing, but we need to know how to talk to the person that
Oh, do you know that I cannot take an airplane anymore? Why? Okay, you're Mexican
No, really like seriously because of the swine flu thing
Yeah, cuz of the swine flu thing if I present my my Mexican passport
I cannot get into the open and they might clientele me just cuz I'm Mexican. What's about time?
Do you have another passport?
Why did you say if I use my
Well, I might not use it
He's got another passport, but we're not allowed to talk about that
All right. So if we're at the airport, we need to be
So if we're at the airport, we need language to talk to the person at the counter and most importantly
that overweight
And most importantly talking about when you like have too much luggage or overweight
Oh the last time I was in Japan and I was going back to China
Had so much overweight like I had to take out things from my back and put it in my pockets and
my socks seriously
Or are you carrying I
Was carrying a lot of food that my parents brought for me
That my parents brought from Mexico to me. Okay. Did you have to pay extra? No
You just weighed 300 pounds
The bag like I put the bag half on the way there. Yeah
So you cheated and you put half the bag on the scale neither have like to the side
That's smart. I should have done that. I spent
$650 getting all of my stuff back from the state. Do you have an elephant? Would you know I should have brought you with me
Where are you carrying just all my stuff like my shoes? Yeah shoes see that women have like
Need a cargo plane. All right, so we're at the airport and on Wednesday
We have part eight of our dramatic love story. I'm sorry. I love you
Nice. Yeah, so we're gonna find out what happens. Remember in part seven. Somebody got shot
Now we're gonna find out what kind of what happened
No, she wasn't pregnant it was a lie
You gotta catch up and you guys have to listen
You guys have to listen to our soap opera it's really good so I'm sorry
I love you part eight we're gonna be actually confessing something
So we're gonna be teaching you how to confess or how to come clean. That's good
Yeah, do you guys have anything to confess today? I think Claire does I have nothing to confess but I'm back to the luggage thing
Yeah, actually I'm Tracy has a story she
Used to bring her mice on the airplane like her pet mice
She would roll up her pant leg and put her mice in the pocket in that little fold. She would bring them on
That's nuts
Why would you do that?
Cuz I don't want to leave my mice
By itself or it's just gonna like starve. See this is how swine flu spreads
See like people like this like
Actually, you know swine food
That in there
Right
Originated from pigs not mice. Well, well hence wine
Yeah, but yeah, there could be like mice flu. Yeah or a variation
So you never got caught?
No, no, really it was really super well
I mean it was security wasn't as strict as I think I might do that with my pet turtle because I don't think I can
Really yeah, I mean just just hold it up and that's a good idea
You know, I did sneak in a lighter through airport security. Oh, yeah, you told us about that
Yeah, you put it your in my in my shoe. Yeah
Because you know, they take away your lighters and it was a really cool lighter of check about it
It was gonna be a gift so and they wanted me to leave it. I was like, I'm not gonna leave it
So I put it in my shoe seriously. What if they make you take off your shoes? It's in the sock not in the shoe
Wow
Maybe we should cut that part out cuz then I got might have like airport security coming
Think I'm a terror. Alright, so what's the last lesson and the last lesson we have a very special encounter with some aliens
Yeah, I know. So this is this is an upper intermediate lesson and we're gonna be talking to aliens
And they're gonna be telling us what we're doing wrong with the world. Have you ever seen any anything strange bizarre in the sky in the skies?
Not sober I haven't
You girls have you ever seen the UFO have you ever had a close encounter with an alien to pigeons poop count pigeons poop now
Talking about
Birds poop. Yeah, I am a natural attraction for pigeons poop
Whenever I buy something new I always get pooped on really healing. How many how many times have you like seven Wow?
Mm-hmm. And the last time it was like in my hair
About being pooped on
It's like inspired. All right, so Stacy I see that you have many different tattoos
again, Rio
Okay, thank you
So how many tattoos do you have Tracy five any we should do a lesson on tattoo. I've only seen like three
I see
All right, we should do it. Well, okay
We'll have lessons on tattoos and lessons on bird poo next time. Thank you for the inspiration girls and
Now it's time for us to take a look at the user of the week. Yeah, where is he from now?
She's from the Netherlands, Netherlands
Yeah, so anyways our user of the week his name is frats and he's from the Netherlands
He has this weird avatar like this black and white picture, which is really cool though
And he's been commenting a lot recently. So well done. He said he has like 10 comments in the last week
It's between France and German isn't what the Netherlands? Yeah, honestly, I am NOT very good
Like between France and Germany on the north
I'm gonna sell so stupid in this podcast. I know so anyways good job frats. Thank you
He's a he's a good contributor to our community and thanks everyone that's been commenting on the site lately
Especially to again our native speakers who help and correct our users with their grammar or answer some of the questions
That's really nice of you. And also again a special shout out and thank you to Maxim who transcripts all of our lessons
So that's really nice because then users can read maybe something that they didn't understand from the lesson. So, thank you Maxim
thank you everyone and
Anything else girls you guys have anything to say before we leave?
Kind of quiet there, eh Claire? Yeah, I'm just really fascinated by the mushy walls
I see you been touching it for the last 30 minutes
Yeah, maybe maybe we'll get you some for your room. Oh, thanks. That'd be pretty neat
It's just to isolate sound so I don't know if you need sound isolation. Well, really, okay
Well, she gets irritated really easily. Okay. Oh, I thought we were going in another direction
Yeah, me too
So anyways getting hot in here, we better go. Okay, so we'll see you guys later. Bye. Bye
EnglishPod.com
