Hello everyone and welcome to this just in my name is Marco. Hi
We switching roles I looked at Lillian I said, my name is Marco and she said hi
All right, so Lillian is here Catherine is here with me as well. Hello and Leonardo as always
And that's wrong show
It's like we're gonna be looking at upcoming lessons and we're gonna learn a little bit more about these people that share
Each week with us here at English Pod. You're getting a little touchy-feely Marco
Well, the thing is that we have a lesson coming up next Monday called being scared. So I'm gonna ask you
What are you scared of? Oh, that's easy. What are you scared of? I'm scared. Like what really freaks you out?
Spiders snakes. You're scared of snakes. Oh, yeah, any type of snake freaks me out. Really bad. Oh, yeah
Have you ever touched one? No, you see just like thinking about it. I get crazy. No, it's nasty
I can't just they're so weird man. How can they move like that?
seriously
No, I'm serious. All right. Well, you're scared of spiders. No, I'm not scared spiders. What are you scared of?
I'm scared of the the sea
You're scared of the ocean the bottom of the sea like I I can swim but I can't step because I think there's I
Think it's cuz once I step into a ray of stingray. Oh stingray. It didn't didn't sting me for some reason
But I I was like, ah
Turn away weird. What are you gonna say? She flew
In my world she flew away
So you're scared of the bottom of the ocean so the bottom of the ocean and elephants elephants
But they're gentle they're docile
Even when they're gentle is they can just push you away and kill you
Yeah, but you can also sit on them
So what happened to you when you go did you ever go to the circus?
Yeah, and you were like freaking out all the time
No, I mean I can see him from from far, but I wouldn't ever get close so you wouldn't ride one for example
I would but I would be freaking out
Yeah, he was freaking out in Cambodia when we're standing next to an elephant. Really? Yeah, you know
And they it's a little bit slobbery and they touch you they can kill you with it
I'm gonna show a picture of me and the elephant. Oh, I'm scared
Yeah, I have a video to of him yelling like a girl. What about you Catherine? What are you afraid of?
What freaks you out? Nothing really freaks me out
But I'm not a fan of scorpions in the shoes in desert
That's like specific. Yeah, that's so specific
Well, I'm afraid, you know when you're in the desert and you wake up and you're like a little bit paranoid about your stuff
Like you have to I've like go through all my clothes and shake out my pants shake out my shirt
Really
I used to be afraid of scorpions too when I was a kid. They got big pincers, you know
More afraid of that would be of this thing. Yeah. Yeah. I saw this movie. It's called Marcelino panivino
Do you have you ever heard of it? Nope? Yeah, of course
Well, this guy it's a little kid who it's in the desert and he gets beaten by one of these scorpions
And he almost died and ever since that I will dream about scorpions
For me, that was arachnophobia. My parents. Let me see when I was like seven what well
It came out and they didn't know that it was like this horrible movie about spiders killer spider
It's a South American spider like kills everyone
Terrifying yeah, it is like jaws and arachnophobia
I think are the two causes of major phobias in my dinner
No, me too like jaws. I could not like swim in the you know in a swimming pool if there was like some kind of like
Mosaic, how do you call those? Like if you had like some yeah some tile that was like some shadow or something shop
It was like so scary. Yeah, I think it was jaws arachnophobia and
Nightmare on Elm Street that played with everyone's fears. Yes people were afraid to go to sleep because they thought what about
It it was a really awesome that freaks me out clowns. Yeah, I'm scared of clowns. I'm very scared of clowns
I'm scared of clowns and puppets
What kind of puppets puppets you know like those puppets with ceramic face? Oh, yeah
Like marionette. Yeah, like marionette like my grandma has this room full of these kind of puppets
And that's the room where I had to stay when I go visit my grandma
I was I wouldn't even wake up to go to the bathroom at night
I had the same problem. I was I always say with my aunt and uncle and they will pretend on uncle and they had masks from like
New Guinea
Africa and New Guinea and they're this they're supposed to be spirit masks
They scare away the bad spirits and they're terrifying you wake up
And they have like plumes of feathers and like big angry eyes and you wake up and you'd be like, oh my god
You like count the hours before sunrise
Freaky well, we're gonna have a lesson about being scared. It's kind of a fun lesson because it's kind of based on Scooby-Doo. So
Oh, I'm in this one. I think I'm Daphne. You're Daphne. Okay, so oh
But remember how Scooby-Doo they used to investigate mysteries and ghosts and stuff. So I need Scooby snacks in Scooby snacks
Alright and on Wednesday we're gonna be boxing
Alright on Wednesday, we have we know
in the ring
It's kind of an homage to one of my favorite all-time action movies Rocky
So it's gonna be rocky versus Apollo Creed, it's really cool. How can you not like wrong?
No, but it's that you're hooked on this. It's insane. You always talk about this
I don't and you yeah, you do and you were talking about the gym
And I said how if you watch Rocky, it makes you want to go to the gym
Is an encouraging movie it is but not like the six or the seven when he's almost 70 years old
That's I actually thought the last one was pretty good. I thought the last one
It was very autobiographical so I thought that was the subtext and I enjoyed it
I like this you really have a restaurant in like where is the leaf below the belly?
I have no idea
But I mean like Rocky for is the legend is like him fighting the Soviets and kind of political. Yeah, that's a good one
It was a good move. Yeah, not I'd like so we're gonna be boxing
We're gonna be teaching you all these vocab related to like what's a jab a hook a haymaker and all that cool stuff
Oh haymaker. I learned that from the Wii uppercut and uppercut
Yeah, I think we boxing is one of the most fun, but also dangerous games to play
Cuz you start throwing those punches you can I definitely lost a couple of bottles
You have a beer or something and yeah, it just falls over and
On Friday we have an advanced lesson and it's actually based on President Eisenhower's farewell speech
So it's yeah
He's using this nice and very advanced way of saying, you know
Bye to the people and he's talking about politics in Congress. So how educational of you?
And this lesson is divided in two parts because we actually shortened the farewell speech as much as possible
But he did mention a couple of cool things. So we separated it into two parts
So president Eisenhower's farewell speech was he our last military president? I think he was general Eisenhower
So an interesting little
insights on American
politics it's interesting because
We also have Pete come in at the end of the heat of the lesson and he'll give us an insight on
Well, you know like in American coins and the money it says in God we trust
so he'll tell us a little bit about why that is and when that came up and
Also about the Pledge of Allegiance. I know that by heart really
Allegiance by I'm Mexican. Can you believe that pledge believe to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic
For which you stand one nation under God's bubble. All right indivisible. Yeah Wow
And that part when he says one nation under God this part under God was actually added on
Yeah afterwards, so Pete gives us a little bit of insight on that as well. He's a very knowledgeable guy when it comes to America
very passionate as well about
his point of view but that's why this lesson is so interesting because we're gonna be looking at these things and
an interesting thing that also came up was
Presidents mentioning the name of God in their speech, you know, like and God
And it's something that bless America. Yeah, it's something that other countries don't do like Mexican presidents say, you know
Like the Osman big or something. No, no, actually there was a big thing when the president when he took possession of the presidency
But not this president last president box
Yeah, someone came up with like a big crucifix and something like that people didn't like it
Really and I was reading, you know, actually the woman that because before you know, there was a
Like church and all these religions was taught in the US
It was a woman who actually fought all the way to the Supreme Court to take that out and actually she's she was also
Lobbying for to take that in God we trust from the dollar bill
You know that you have it on top like saying like what happens to the people that don't believe in God, you know
So it's pretty I didn't know there's a documentary about it. Really? Yeah
I mean it's about all these angles a big ish
Constitutional issue because the United States was founded with this idea that there should be a separation between church and state
and so there should be no mention of religion in
Institutions that are financed by the federal government. Yeah, so that's the big issue. Yeah, it's strange
Like I haven't really seen in other countries where the president or the government makes such a big reference to God
I mean, you know and not in America
We're very conservative and I think we have that religion still plays a very important role, but it's not as you know
Mentioned as in American politics now like in in Latin America people it's very Catholic
But I think they try to keep separate the religion from the politics. Yeah. Well, it's separated completely
yeah, it could be something to do with the the kind of religion that Americans espouse just because a lot of people are Catholic with
The majority are Protestant. Yeah, and I wonder if that has something to do with it. Maybe so
Yeah, we're offering some interesting insight
It's a it's kind of a controversial topic because you know many people have different beliefs and so
Maybe we'll have a lot of interesting comments on the site and we'll we'll see what other people think about it great
Alright, so that's it. We do have a promotion coming up soon
So be sure to listen to this just end every weekend because we will be talking about this great promotion
That's marketing is preparing for us. And if you don't listen, you won't know what it is. Exactly. Then you'll probably miss out
All right. So before we say goodbye
We're gonna leave something for everyone to puzzle about we're gonna have the riddle of the week
What's black and white and red all over?
Black and white and red all over. This is an English game
Okay, wait black and white and red all over a bleeding zebra
No
Wait, wait, wait watermelon
Black and white picture of a watermelon
Wow, you have a lot of creativity
No
So we have this riddle of the week where are we gonna get to the person that the person that gets it is
Going to get a prize a surprise prize
I'm excited. Okay. Now I want it could be anything. It could be it could be it could be a rotten chicken
It could be a Chinese pod starter kit. It could even be a house in the Bahamas. Who knows even but can I answer my own?
It's the best job in the world
Alright so answer our riddle and
Be sure if you have any other rules, I know that on English pod on the site
We do have a community for riddles and stuff like that
So it's actually a really interesting way of learning English because it's a word game
Yep
So sometimes words have two meanings and the the reason these are funny is because you're playing with the different meanings
I'm really bad at these so you can tell so come to our website English pot calm
Be sure to comment and Lillian and Leo. I hope to see you guys there as well. Yeah
Alright, I comment today. Alright guys, that's all for today. We'll see you guys next time
