Kia ora shou shi ku wa.
Quiet on the set, quiet please, first position please, rolling, action.
Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut. My name is Marco.
My name is Katharine and today we're talking about a chick flick, is that right?
That's right. We have a romantic comedy for all those romantic boys and girls out there who like these types of, who like this genre.
I always used to go see this genre of movie with my mom when I was growing up.
Oh really?
Yeah, it was definitely chick flick time.
You never cry at these movies, do you?
Nah.
They're silly and they always have a happy ending.
Right, and in this case it's more of a romantic comedy, so it's not only a drama or it's not only a romantic movie.
It has a little bit of humor in it and we're talking about the proposal.
The proposal, so the word proposal is a noun, it's something you do when you ask someone to marry you.
Right, so in this case you are proposing. Now, the movie stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Two very well known actors actually and Sandra Bullock's a bit older than Ryan Reynolds and that's a big part of the movie.
Exactly, so summarizing it up, basically Sandra Bullock is a Canadian, she is an editor.
She's an editor at a very big and important publishing company in New York City.
And what happens is that all of a sudden she's notified that she must leave the country because she's an illegal immigrant in the US.
That's right, her visa is about to run out and her company does not want to get her a new one and so it's a big problem for her.
Right, so this is where the whole funny aspect of the movie kicks in because she says that she is actually getting married very soon
and she's getting married to her assistant so everyone in the office is surprised because she's a little bit of a character not very likeable by the people of her office.
They hate her, they call her the dragon lady, right?
It's because she's kind of ill-tempered, she is a very strong and dependent woman so you can see that.
And so this is where the funny aspect of the movie kicks in because now they not only have to convince his parents and his family that they're getting married
but also immigration officials.
That's right, and so she has to go with him to his grandmother's birthday party and it's just this amazing situation where they're in Alaska
and she starts to find out all these interesting things about him that she never knew even though they worked together every single day.
Yeah, for like three years. So that's another aspect because he was just her assistant, she never really cared about him but now she's getting to know him.
So as always, this is where they kind of start falling in love and this is happening.
So it's a very interesting movie, it's actually pretty good. I enjoyed it.
I usually don't really go for these chick flicks but I actually enjoyed this one.
Really? I kind of see you as maybe a chick flick kind of guy.
Dang you.
Cool with your feminine side, no?
Well, no, I really enjoy them. For example, there was this one movie that I thought was really cool and it's a starred Mandy Moore
and she was this young, very conservative girl living in a small village and she kind of falls for this rebellious guy
and it's not a comedy at all but it's such a drama and they kind of start falling in love.
In the end, I'm not going to spoil it if you guys want to see it.
I think it's called A Walk to Remember or A Kiss from the Heart or something like that.
Something like that. It was The Guy from American Pie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Mandy Moore.
It was sad.
So it's a very good movie so I'm okay with these.
As long as they make a nice impact whether I laugh, whether I cry or whatever, I think it's good.
I'm impressed. Well, this one's a cute one and Sandra Bullock is on fire right now.
She's been in so many movies this year.
Yeah, although I must say that her last movie that I saw all about Steve was terrible.
Yeah, well, we can maybe talk about that in a hate podcast later on.
I didn't like it either.
But this one's really cute and we do have a clip for everyone, right?
Yeah, we have a clip and this is the part where she is being confronted by her boss about her immigration status
and she just makes it up right at that moment about her marriage to her assistant.
Surprise! And it's a surprise for him as well.
Exactly. So let's hear.
Gentlemen, I understand. I understand the predicament that we are in.
And there's, well, I think there's something that you should know.
We're getting married.
We are getting married.
Who is getting married?
You and I. You and I are getting married.
Yes.
We are.
Getting married.
We are getting married.
Yes.
Isn't he your secretary assistant?
Executive assistant secretary of titles.
But it wouldn't be the first time one of us fell for our secretaries would it, Edwin?
With Laquisha, remember?
So, yeah, the truth is, you know, Andrew and I, we are just two people who weren't meant to fall in love, but we did.
No.
Yeah, all those late nights at the office and weekend book fairs, you know, something happened.
Something.
Yeah. Try to fight it and can't fight a love like ours.
So are we good with this? Are you happy? Because, well, we are happy. So happy.
Margaret.
Yes.
Terrific. Just make it legal.
Oh, yeah. Well, then that means we need to get ourselves to the immigration office so we can work this little mess out, right?
Thank you very much, gentlemen. We will do that right away. Thank you very much, gentlemen. Thank you.
All right. So what would you do if you were faced with a decision like this?
As a woman or as the guy?
As the guy, what would you do? Because obviously he's trying to make it as in the editing and in the publishing business, right?
So he can't just say no to her because she's kind of his ticket into this world.
That's right. But at the same time in America, it's very serious if you get in trouble with immigration officials.
And so I don't think I would have agreed to it because even if she was my best friend, like a very close friend of mine,
it could still put you in jail. You know, it's a federal offense to lie to immigration.
And actually, it's interesting because immigration officials, they actually have a series of questions that they ask each person individually.
So you can't see your partner. They're being interrogated in another room, kind of like jail.
But it's more about like, what side of the bed does he sleep on?
What is the first thing he does in the morning and things like this?
It's weird. You have to know all about your partner.
But it could also be like a wake up cause like, I have no idea what side she sleeps on.
Or like, I have no idea what she was like. Maybe these things that you maybe take for granted.
I'll have to look on the Internet and see if I can find this to see if I would pass about my partner.
That'd be really funny.
It would be. Yeah, exactly. Or maybe you pass with flying colors so you are...
Perfect match. Well, clearly that is the case.
Actually, there was a game like this. A game show, yeah.
A game show. I can't remember what it was called.
Newlyweds. Newlyweds.
So the game was that they would ask each newlywed, like the woman and the man,
individually a question, a series of questions like,
what is your most prized possession in your house?
Or what is the family member that you like the most?
And all the answers that you give are then recorded and then they ask your wife in front of the live audience
or the man in whichever case it is.
And then you see if they answered correctly.
So it's really, really funny because I remember one episode they asked the woman,
what is your most prized possession in your house?
And she said some like cheap plate that they bought in Africa or something.
And he said something really expensive.
He's like, what are you talking about? That cheap plate is like three dollars.
And she's like, no, but it's our honeymoon. It's a memory.
Exactly. So it's really, really funny.
We'll have to go look for some clips.
That was a great show because people would get really upset because this isn't like an engaged couple.
This is a married couple.
And it was a big prize too.
Yeah, there was. I think it was like an extra honeymoon.
Yeah, or something like that. And that's why people got really upset.
Well, we'll have to look for some clips and put them up for you on the website.
But if you have any questions or comments about today's show,
or if you liked the movie, hated the movie,
you have an opinion about the proposal, post your comment on EnglishPod.com.
All right. We'll see everyone there. Bye.
