Hello everyone, welcome back to another edition of this just in another spicy episode
Spicy episode I'm here in the studio with Marco from Italian pod. Hi. My name is Marco from Italian pod
Exactly, and Leo from Spanish. Hello
And his pod Spanish pod Spanish pod Italian pod and English pod back together to give us the news of Justin
Exactly. So the first news. All right, we have our next week's lessons
Lesson number one we have a lesson about the emergency room
Emergency are so if you ever have to go to the ER now
We're gonna teach you vocabulary that you can tell the doctor like I'm dying like
Like did you ever wonder what ER means is emergency room emergency room, right?
So it's gonna be a dramatic dialogue. It's gonna be a lot of a lot of drama
A lot of spicy. No, no, that's fine
Just jealous
Is you didn't come up with a catch word like that. Yeah, you have leo
Get past that's good. All right lesson number two lesson number two just in time philosophy
So this is like being punctual. No, it's more of a business related dialogue. It's more serious
Not so much drama not so much comedy
It's more of a business. So if I want to get bored outside of the office, I should listen to this podcast
If you want to learn more about business and about what this strategy means and what it implicates then you can listen to it
There's people who care about business, you know, especially in this time
Those people we need to learn new strategies. Yeah, just in time
All right lesson number three and lesson number three the most fun lesson of this week is carnival in Rio
So that is a spicy lesson and shaky and shaky
Okay
We're gonna be we're gonna be able to listen to some samba music
We're gonna have dancing and we're gonna talk a little bit about what carnival in Rio is all about
That's when I when I really like
Regret that we don't have video casts. Yeah. Yeah, well, we'll be coming out with something soon. So don't worry about it
Are we going to Rio?
Maybe not Rio, but maybe we'll have our own little carnival in a in a brothel
I
Just burned
You know cabaret, no, all right
All right, so what about the new things? All right, we have some more news about our new website that's coming out
Dude, I took a look at it. It looks amazing. Isn't it cool? It's so like
Interactive like you have to have friends and stuff and super cool. It's super cool. It'll be
It's the new Facebook. It's it's that it's a Facebook for people who learn English
So you want book for people who have something to do it? Yeah, it's a useful face exactly
Exactly, so you'll be able to have friends on new site
You'll be able to see what lessons they've studied where they've commented a community of learning English
Yeah, wow, it's really finally we have something to do on the internet
We don't just go online and see what happens exactly and we're also gonna have now
exercises where you can practice the lesson and
The really cool thing is you're gonna be able to take a small little test to see what your English level is like
Nice, I'm gonna do that and I'm gonna beat your Leo
So a lot of new features are gonna be added and it's gonna be really really good
Okay, our user of the week and also he is the user of the month. It's
Maxim no, no, no the user of the month was Kimmy. No, that was user of the week. Oh
So how many users do we have we have user of the month each month and we have four users of the week
So user of the month Maxim grande
congratulations and
Keep up the good work, right ever he did
Hopefully we'll be able to have Skype calls with our users of the week or users of the month
So we'll be able to record them and then we'll play it on our new show. Yeah, cuz I mean it's a great
Title, but it's you know, you should be able to it's also responsibility
No, you're like you're like a user of the week. It's not just oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you
No, no, you have to prove yourself. You have to work harder and comment more
I'm worth of that title like he make did a great job. Yeah
He is weak a great ambassador that he I read his proposal
Ambassador of world peace of world peace through language learning. Yeah, that proves that for example, he would totally deserve the title
So Maxime we expect a lot from you. Oh, yeah. No, he he did a great job. He he transcribed an entire lesson onto the website
He's like listen to everything we said and he typed it
Pretty good, huh? So anyways, so we expect two lessons to ascribe to lessons described next
Okay, and you get are you ready to take the English part challenge the English part challenge?
All right, anything else that you guys want to add or you want to say any news
Tomorrow Valentine's Day, what are you guys doing?
Right now tomorrow is Valentine's Day what the hell what should I do?
Show like guys help me out. Well, you have a girlfriend. Yeah, you have a girlfriend
Yeah, we don't have a girlfriend see so we didn't we can't really do anything. All right, but you have a girlfriend
Yeah, so I should do something
Hate Valentine's Day. Well any girl out there likes my voice
Could you just go out with me?
You can write him an email at Pompeino 69 at
All right, so Marco, what are you gonna do so Marco, what are you gonna do with your girlfriend?
I don't know. I have no idea guys. Help me out here. Romantic dinners are always a good idea expensive
Okay, how about cooking for her?
too much work
My girlfriend only likes salads only said well, that's easy then yeah
Just buy a lettuce and some tomatoes. Oh, you can make like a really nice
Salmon salad the problem is that if I if I do these ones
She'll expect it like often
Mmm, I'll just so just go out of town
without
Without telling her anything and just come back the following day great advice. Thank you
English pause saving another life
Alright guys. Alright, so I hope you guys have a good Valentine's Day
If you have wives girlfriends, be sure to send her some flowers and other even lovers or mistresses, right?
If you don't have anything just join us. We're gonna party online long. Yeah, we're gonna be at a singles party somewhere
I'll be out of town
I'd be in your town
All right. So okay, so have a good Valentine's Day and we'll see you guys next time. See you later. Bye
