Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of this just in I am here again with the romance pods
We are with a special guest today amore from French pod. Hello. Mm. Sure. All right, Liliana from Spanish pod
Oh, yeah, and Catherine from Italian pod. Yeah, the romance pod summits, huh? So we have all three of them then
represent
All right
So we're gonna be talking about the usual stuff and also we're gonna be talking about the upcoming lessons
So let's get started on Monday. We're gonna have a lesson called the food is terrible. So basically somebody's getting food back
So what's the problem too much salt not enough salt? They're in an American right here in their food
I don't know. No, there's like yeah, the the soup is to wait. Were you just knocking American food?
No, man, is it not French food? Yeah, well French food. This is the thing
Why is French cuisine considered to be so like because it's a bad is it like the best and so expensive because of Julia child
and her role and in the American
It's like for example it whenever you talk about duck you always think it's like wow
It's such an expensive dish, but you get it like it's actually really cheap. It can be yeah or foie gras
Yeah, exactly. What's snails? What is this?
Gras is the way you're preparing because it takes so long to do and well
And there's a lot of people who are really angry about it
and so it's illegal in America in Chicago, I think to sell it because of the way that they treat the
animals
Obviously, it's not a good time for the for the geese and stuff. You think
The geese just explodes. That's basically what happened. Not the geese just a stomach
Wow
We torture other and like crabs whenever you have crabs you you put them in boiling water alive
I don't scream and nobody nobody complains about that's always like oh, you know the crabs okay. It's the difference between
Hard-shell animals and very cute little animals. That's like like, you know, that's being a
That's being like a species
I agree with you. Yeah. Yeah or shrimp a little crab
Yeah, little crabs got feelings to you. They're pretty smart
Alright, so we're gonna be giving food back, you know
Have you have these typical customers who are like waiter, you know giving back food?
I've never done that in a restaurant. Are you serious? Oh like being mean about it. Yeah, I guess you do it every time
Not every time but I do it not been with you and you know
Exactly. She's been with me. I've done it a couple of times
But it's because I always like ask for not very specific stuff
But sometimes like now that I don't need meat I'm like no meat remember this doesn't have meat
No, it doesn't comes back and almost with the steak on it
I'm gonna send it back pork flakes
So so we're gonna be talking about food on Wednesday, we're gonna be breaking bad news to our boss
So that's always tricky crap. So what kind of bad news like more of a I'm sorry, but the company is in bankruptcy
So we're gonna be talking about
Little subtle ways of giving bad news and trying to make it a little bit nicer
So there's good news and bad news. Which one do you want first?
Exactly, or how can I put this? Yeah, you know whenever you say that though, you know, it's gonna be bad
Yeah
I think that bad news should be like a band-aid, you know, like fast to get it off like really
Yeah, or what about do you want the bad news or the really bad news?
All right, and on Friday we're gonna be talking about romance again the typical line it's not you it's me
So we're gonna be breaking up with someone so we're gonna show you how to break up with someone in English
So that's an interesting way that we're gonna get romantic advice from you
Well, it's not romantic advice, but like the typical cliche words that use like it's not you it's me
I feel like we've grown apart and I think just be better for you not for for you
If we spend some time apart because you know, I think you're better than this. You should concentrate in
I should concentrate on work and you know, you deserve somebody better. That's the worst
You deserve someone that can make you happy. Yeah, you're great
So, yeah, what other ways have you broken up with someone
Me? Yeah, you know, like seriously the times I've broken up. I'm very direct
Very like yeah, like I'm sorry. It's just not working out. But why I can try to be better
No, give me a chance. Give me a chance. I hate when people say that it's not
It's not working. It's just not clicking
Do you think it's like advisable to ask somebody for another chance when they're breaking up with you or did you just accept it?
Because it is a little bit like begging, right? It's
If it's like pity, you know, you do you all give me a chance. Yeah, it's pity. No, it's not worth it
That's what I'm saying and he's always pity. Yeah, it is you're breaking up with a person. Please. Give me a second chance
Okay. Nah, you already took the decision of breaking up with him in the first place
So, why would you want to another half? Have you ever have you ever been dumped? Have you somebody ever broken up with you?
Did you get like any lame cliche lines in there I
Just see you at this point as someone I'd really want to keep as a friend, but
Nothing else but I just don't see a future for
You know in my case, no one has ever broken up with me
But basically what he did because he didn't have the guts to tell me he just stopped calling
He just disappeared and the next time I saw him who was with another girl
He just showed up with another girl I realized it was over yeah, well me too
The best thing is really when both of the people agree, you know, they want to split
Yeah, it happened to me once I knew that the girl wanted to split with me and I wanted to split with her
So it was it was quite cool
But when I went to see her and I was I was sure 100% sure they wanted to split
So I was quite really cool and we set at the bar and I look into her eyes and I said, you know
I want to marry you
Say no, no, no, it's a joke actually
I see and she was like, no, no, it's the opposite say no, no
I know I know it's not going well and stuff. So we're gonna sleep but honestly she had she got such a
That's a icebreaker right now, but imagine I want to marry you. Well now actually when I dumped you
That's me. I knew she wanted as well. Yeah, I guess that's good
Another way that I dumped a girl and I was a teenager one of the first girlfriend I had I said jump now
You're you're just too tall. You're too tall. Oh, you broke up with something because they're too tall
I forgot with someone cuz he was too childish. Listen, I
And I want to see something nice and I couldn't I was just like not thinking I was like, I
Am way too mature for you
Before I could stop myself. It was all out and I'm really sorry you can leave now
Well, one of my best friends her his ex-girlfriend broke up with him because I quote you're too perfect
I know someone who got broken up because it was like you're too perfect. I can't be with you. That's what is that so lame
He's like you're too nice to me. You give me everything that I want. We can't beat you treat me too well
Yeah, exactly. What's up with that? It's you know, it's guys that like to be mistreated, you know
So I'm there are a lot of guys. Yeah, they like the drama if they don't get the drama
They don't feel that they're cared for, you know, they're like, please be jealous
Please ask me where I'm going where I'm at who I wish with and blah
You know, I don't think something's just an excuse maybe I definitely know guys who like to be mistreated
No, who only find girls who start fights who fight in public who throw things, you know, they love it
Okay, if you like that go for the Latinas
You'll get a lot of drama
Where were you and who are you with no, no, no, you're not going out with your I smell a girl on your breath
What about jealousy are you jealous girlfriends
Okay
Like if he's like talking with someone like I think once I almost hit the girl like really yeah
Yeah, I went with you know with straight to just punch her. Where was just was she trying something on your boyfriend?
No, she was just talking to him
But no, I mean, you know as a girl, you know who likes how when a girl's trying to get her little fingers
And you know, I mean and we know because we do it too, you know, we know how to flirt
Yeah
The problem was that he he he didn't introduce me and he was taking too long
So I get I was getting impatient. So I just went for it. So yeah, I think that's the number one mistake
We forget to introduce our girlfriend or when we do you're like, oh, this is a Catherine and you don't say
No, if you don't say like hey, this is Catherine. She's gonna go for it. You're like
Automatically alarms are going off
Like oh my god, what an idiot like yeah, he needs to say like this is my girlfriend
The formal introductions like you hear he needs to say it
All right, a good tip for all the guys out there that's all the lessons we have next week
They're really fun. And now let's take a look at the country of the week
All right
The country of the week is another Asian country last week. It was China, Japan this time. It's South Korea
Yeah, so
All right, there we go. So I'm gonna say to everyone in
Seoul Busan
Anya sale and they have really fast internet apparently South Korea has like the fastest internet in the world or something really
Yeah, that's what I hear. Wow. So they're really connected. So congratulations South Korea. Be sure to leave your questions and
On the site and thanks for everyone for their feedback. We got some good feedback from one of our users in Taiwan
His picture is really cool. He's there with like a motorcycle and
He said that we use a lot of phrasal verbs and a lot of like slang terms and this just in so we should maybe
Put them in a section like a couple of the words we use so they can understand good suggestion
Yeah, so we're gonna be working on that and if anyone has any more suggestions any comments or any questions
Let us know go to the site English pod calm. So that's all the time we have for today guys
Thank you everyone for joining me today. Thanks for having
We'll see you next time. Bye
