["Wired on the set, wide please, first position please, rolling, action!"
Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut.
I am joined here with Bill.
Hello.
And Bill is another fellow movie lover, and on this occasion we're talking about one of our favorite films of all time,
well, the saga of all time, which is Indiana Jones.
Yes, a childhood favorite of mine.
It's exactly, it's from the 80s, right? Early 80s.
So we were actually not even really born when the first one came out.
Right, it's kind of the same thing with Star Wars.
Star Wars.
So Star Wars was one of my childhood absolute favorite films, Harrison Ford, obviously stars in both,
that was the link between them for me.
But yeah, I mean they came out before, I was really conscious, yet they really formed, you know, my view of the world.
I don't know what I was saying too much.
My philosophy is based on Star Wars and Indiana Jones.
All right, so Indiana Jones has four movies, that's the saga.
The first one is Raiders of the Lost Ark, which is the original title, I think they didn't really expect to come out with the series,
because the first movie is called Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Wait, why would that not signify they're having more movies?
Well, because then the second one was called Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.
Oh, okay, so the first one didn't have Indiana Jones in the front.
It was just called Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Oh, I had no idea.
And then the second one was Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom.
And then the third one is Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
And the fourth one, Indiana Jones and the Skeleton Skull, what is it?
The Crystal Skull?
Crystal Skull, the Crystal Skull.
I guess it wasn't the Last Crusade, it was the next to Last Crusade, let's hope.
Actually, the fourth one stands out because it wasn't as good as the first three, right?
Right, well, I mean, they didn't make it until, what, at least 20 years?
20 years later.
Yeah, I mean, something like that.
So the fourth one, you watched it, right?
The fourth one, the latest one, I haven't seen it.
I, you know, I mean, same thing happened with Star Wars, where they started releasing...
Star Wars is a little bit different because they released the prequels.
And so a lot of the real movies, we could say the original movies had their basis in the prequels.
But this Indiana Jones thing just seems like such an add-on,
just trying to attract more viewers based on their previous affection for the movie.
I just can't stand that.
I guess it's like the two last movies of Sylvester Stallone as well, like Rambo, Four, and Rocky Six.
Right.
It was like the last, just like the last huff of breath of air that Sylvester Stallone had to make those two last movies.
Right, I mean, and it's marketed directly to people like us, Ari.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, I mean, because when we were kids, we weren't forced to see these movies,
but maybe we were taken by our parents or we grew up with these movies.
And now that we have some income, let's say, hey, why don't we try and make some more money off of these people by creating some more movies?
So, the first one, Raiders of the Lost Ark, you like, did you like it?
Yeah, I mean, all three of them, I mean, yeah, I loved all of them.
Raiders of the Lost Ark, in the three, I think, I think I like it the best.
Really, the first one?
Yeah.
Why?
It doesn't have that franchisee kind of kitsch to it.
I mean, the later two kind of play off of his character in the first movie.
Right.
So it's kind of derivative.
Maybe we could say, like, it's not as original, maybe.
Right.
But, I mean, all three have their good points.
But Raiders of the Lost Ark, definitely, it strikes me as, like, one of the scarier ones and one of the, like, the...
It was pretty scary.
And the action, I think, is a little better, too, in the first one.
So Raiders of the Lost Ark, basically, they are, the Nazis are looking for the Ark of the Covenant,
which is, like, this, supposedly it's where they transported the Ten Commandments.
Right.
So...
The actual tablets.
The actual tablets.
So it's a very, supposedly it's a very powerful instrument and whoever holds,
has the Ark of the Covenant, has, like, absolute power.
Right.
And so, obviously, the Nazis are after it.
Yeah.
That's something I was thinking about just when I heard we were going to be doing this
episode about Indiana Jones.
It's just, I love the one-sidedness of the enemies.
Like, any, I mean, any villain in a lot of action movies is just pure evil.
But it seems like an Indiana Jones...
It's always Nazis.
Yeah, well, it's Nazis or...
Yeah, I guess it is always Nazis.
Well, besides the second one.
The second one was a Nazi.
The third one was the Last Crusade.
It was also Nazis looking for the Holy Grail.
Right.
And you can't argue with Nazis.
I mean, you can't, there's no common ground with Nazis.
It's very easy to hate the enemies in all Indiana Jones.
And I think that's...
I think that's also American movies in general.
The enemies are usually either Nazis or the Russians.
The Russians, yeah.
Or, on certain occasions, the Chinese.
Absolutely no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
You know, it doesn't complicate things at all.
Yeah, this is actually a very common pattern in Hollywood.
But then...
The heroes are purely good and the enemies are purely evil.
Purely evil.
The second one, Temple of Doom, was also very good.
It was set in India, so it was interesting because it had a lot to do with
religion and magic as well.
I guess all three of them have to do with religion.
Yeah, I mean, well, because he's an archaeologist, right?
So, I think that's kind of one of the more interesting parts of the script,
is that it introduces you to some semi-historical things.
I mean, obviously, they're not completely accurate.
But it's interesting.
It does make the profession of being an archaeologist look really cool.
Totally cool.
But in reality, I mean, archaeologists spend like...
They don't carry pistols around, usually.
They don't have whips.
All right.
So, in the second one, he was looking for some stones,
returning them to the village.
Right, magic stones that were stolen by the most evil person in India.
Yeah, it was like a witch guy, and he would take out your heart.
And he would say,
KALIMAN.
You remember that?
They would go, KALIMAN and take out your heart.
Yeah.
All right, and then the third one,
he actually teams up with his dad in the movie, Sean Connery.
Right, right.
And then they look for the Holy Grail.
And I think that's the only one of the Indiana Jones movies
that I remember watching in the theater.
Oh, really?
And I remember just having this feeling,
this kind of self-reflective feeling,
because you've seen the two ones previous,
and then you see that one.
And it's like, it was almost the first time
I ever realized that a movie had a formula.
It was being marketed to certain people.
Yeah, because as you're going through it,
I mean, the action is like nonstop.
The action is really great.
Maybe that's just the first time I realized that,
because I grew up watching the first two.
It was like a home video type of situation.
I watch them endlessly, you know?
And then I finally saw this other one,
and it was so obviously a product of the first two movies.
Right, yeah.
That it just struck me as quite strange.
It was very similar, because in the first one,
they were looking for a religious object.
Right.
And in the third one, also, it's the same thing.
Right, the Cup that held Christ's blood.
Exactly, the one that he used in The Last Supper.
Right.
It was kind of interesting that it was guarded by the,
what are these guys called?
The one that Dan Brown talks about.
The night guide?
Yeah, the knights.
You have chosen wisely.
You have chosen wisely.
Yeah, so there was like a hundred cups there,
and he chose the carpenters.
Yeah, the simplest historically accurate cup.
Yeah, not the gold one, or like with gems and jewels.
I feel like we're being too critical of this,
because it is entertainment.
Yeah, it was.
And it is totally entertaining.
Really good.
I really like the scene where he had to like have faith,
and cross that huge gorge.
And he just had to like,
because there was like an invisible path.
Right.
And he just like throw sand on it,
and then he was able to cross.
Right, well he threw sand on it after he got over,
which I was surprised.
Like, why didn't he throw sand on it before he went in?
Before he took the step.
Yeah, so.
Maybe someone can post on the board,
if they know the answer to that.
Exactly.
So the movie was, all three of them were great.
But yeah, I would have to agree.
I actually really enjoyed Raiders of the Lost Ark,
because it was the first one.
It was really graphic as well,
like the scene where like everyone melts.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
All those are permanently,
I mean, just imprinted on my brain,
because I saw them at such a young age.
But yeah, actually,
I really liked the Temple of Doom,
because of also the crazy food that they have
at the dinner table,
like the monkey brains,
and all that stuff, and the snake.
Yeah.
He like cuts open the snake,
and all the baby snakes.
There's all little snakes inside, yeah.
And also the insect part,
where they're like,
they're going through the cave,
and there's full of insects.
Yeah, and see, that's the thing.
There's certain things about Nina Jones
that all the movies are going to have.
And that's, I mean, it's comforting almost.
There's always a gross out,
part with like gross snakes,
or insects, or bugs.
Like in the first one,
he falls into the pit with the snakes.
Yeah.
The second one, it's eating the insects.
The third one,
it's all the rats underneath the church.
Oh yeah, that's true.
And so there's always these things
that always recur, you know.
He always almost loses his hat, or his whip.
Yeah, his hat or something.
He always has to grab it
under a door that's about to close,
and he gets it just in the good time.
I mean, there's something
really comforting about him.
Yeah, that's true.
But I think, you know,
from a film perspective,
you know, a critical perspective,
sometimes it's pretty formulaic.
And the movies are directed
by Steven Spielberg, I think, right?
Right.
George Lucas is involved somehow.
Yeah, I don't know if he,
maybe he directed some of the early ones,
or the first one,
and he was produced by Spielberg.
I'm not quite sure.
I'm not really sure either.
But yeah, all in all,
I really enjoyed the saga.
The fourth one,
we don't really get into it
because it was a little bit different
and not really,
probably even worth mentioning.
I didn't personally,
I didn't really like it.
Did you watch it?
I did, I didn't.
I like the fact that
it's actually set in Peru,
one aspect,
and it's the whole thing
of the Nazca lines.
You know how they have the lines,
they're like in the fields
in the desert of Peru,
you can see the,
from above.
Yeah, you can see like
the form of a monkey or a spider.
Right, okay, yeah,
I know what you're talking about.
And then many people related to
being created by aliens,
so then the movie actually creates
the link between the early Incas
and aliens and all that cool stuff.
Wow, really?
So yeah, it is.
Is it worth checking out?
For free?
It's just, yeah, for free.
If your friend has a DVD
and can lend it to you or something,
then yeah, just,
it's actually,
it's an okay,
just closure to the saga, I guess,
just like it's the way.
They don't leave the door open
for another one.
Not really.
I mean Harrison Ford is,
yeah, he's like 69.
He's probably not going to be around
for another series.
No, probably not.
So yeah, go out and watch it.
It was, it was interesting.
And actually,
the crystal skull,
the history behind it
is interesting as well.
You know, there,
there actually was a crystal skull.
There's historical basis behind it.
Yeah, like the rest of the,
yeah, kind of movies,
but then they go,
they go,
yeah, they go a little bit
too into fiction.
So check it out.
We are,
we're actually going to listen
real fast to a clip of
Raiders of the Lost Ark
when he's describing
the Ark of the Covenant.
So let's listen.
Well,
oh, look,
the Hebrews took the broken pieces
and put them in the ark.
When they settled in Canaan,
they put the ark in a place
called the Temple of Solomon
in Jerusalem,
where it stayed for many years
until all of a sudden
Wush is gone.
Where?
Well, nobody knows where or when.
However, an Egyptian pharaoh,
Shishan,
yes, invaded the city of Jerusalem
around about 980 B.C.
And he may have taken the ark
back to the city of Tanis
and hidden it in a secret chamber
called the Well of Souls.
Secret chamber.
However,
about a year after the pharaoh
had returned to Egypt,
the city of Tanis
was consumed by the desert
in a sandstorm
which lasted a whole year,
wiped clean by the wrath of God.
All right, we're back.
So that's pretty accurate
historically, I think.
Right.
And there's something
I've been thinking about it.
These movies,
I'm not sure if it was the first,
but I think it definitely started
a trend of these historically
semi-historical entertainment sector.
I mean, you just mentioned
like Dan Brown, right?
Like he's made a huge career
out of writing about
sort of historical
fiction as well.
Kind of his genre.
I mean, also what Nicholas Cage
has been in a few movies as well.
Like National Treasure and stuff.
Right, right.
And I think those traditions
are pretty well rooted in Indiana Jones.
Yeah, that's true.
I think people like it
because it's pretty easy to understand
and also it's a little bit of history,
but then people take it as historical.
Like, this is the truth.
This guy knows what he's talking about.
The history, yeah.
Entertaining history.
Yeah, it's entertaining,
especially Dan Brown, I think.
All right, well,
maybe we'll talk about
one of Dan Brown's film books
that was later made into a film,
which is the Da Vinci Code.
That was pretty interesting.
Angels and demons as well.
So maybe we'll touch that topic
later on in the next episode.
But that's it for today.
If you have any questions or comments,
please visit our website, englishpod.com,
and we'll see you guys there.
Bye-bye.
