Hello English learners and welcome to another episode of this just in my name is Marco and I'm Erica as many of you have noticed
I was a little bit absence this week. Yeah, where were you Marco? I had to travel to Hong Kong
Okay, so how was your trip? It was good. I stayed there for four days. Yeah. Yeah, it was good. It's really nice weather
I went around and saw a couple of things so it was nice. All right
Well, anyway, I'm glad you had a good trip, but I'm even more glad that you're back here at English pod
Yeah, yeah, I'm back and yeah, I'm back and I'll be checking all the great comments that people have left on our lessons
I saw many of them that were really popular. Yeah. Well speaking of lessons
We've got some really cool lessons coming up next week. Don't we? Yes, we have one on Christmas our first Christmas lesson of the season
Yeah, we have that one and we have a great lesson about asking someone what they do for a living
Yeah, what a great topic. It's it's really important to know how to talk about your job and your job responsibilities
So this is a fantastic lesson for all of our professional listeners. Yeah. Yeah
It'll really be useful for you to be able to describe what you do exactly. So what's the lesson called? What do you do?
Okay, and our third lesson for the week is all about visiting the doctor the eye doctor
I doctor and it's called I can see clearly now. Yeah, it's a great lesson also
Yeah, some fantastic vocabulary that you can use when you need to talk about the doctor. Mm-hmm. Okay
well, you know, I think it's
Time that we talk a little bit more about English pod groups. Yeah, English pod groups
We have a really active community at English pod and also we have many groups that you can join and talk about different topics
Yeah, the groups are a fantastic way for people to meet other English learners
And they're a really useful place to talk about things that maybe we didn't mention in a lesson
For example, there is a really good group that it's a music group music lyrics
Okay, so that's really great because music is another great way of learning English
So there there are many active members who post videos and lyrics to the music and explain maybe what the lyrics mean
Or maybe a word that wasn't very clear. So it's a really great group and that's how many of the learners are getting more English
Well, I'm a big fan of music. So maybe I'll check out this group and see what's going on
Yeah, it's a really good group and it's really active
There are a lot of people that are commenting and posting videos and questions. So it's a really active group
Okay, speaking of active learners
I think we've got a special shout out this week to our star learner
Yes, our star learner of the week is Michael 10. I am right
He did an incredible job of transcribing part of our lesson for here comes the bride. Yeah, that's right
He wrote down everything that you and I were saying in the podcast
Yeah, he did a really good job and I am sure that many of the users found it very very helpful
You know, this is a great way to practice your listening skills. Don't you think? Oh, yeah, definitely and also your writing skills
Yeah
So guys you should try to transcribe one of the lessons and then post it up on the website and we'll take a look
At it. Yeah, it doesn't matter if it's not completely correct or maybe you're missing a couple of words. No problem
Yeah, but still the the exercise is good and I'm sure many of you will find it also useful
Yeah, I think Marco you just mentioned something really important
You said that it it doesn't matter if you make a mistake or two, right?
Yeah
That's really important for all of you to understand is that it doesn't matter if you make mistakes or if you misspell a word
That's true because if you make mistakes, it's a great way to actually learn
Right and all the other users will maybe correct that mistake and explain why it's wrong, etc. So it's a very great way to learn
It's an excellent learning tool. Mm-hmm. Okay guys, I hope that you keep learning with us here at English pod
So remember to check out our website English pod calm and be sure to go to the groups join a group create a group
And we'll see you there. Yep. I'm gonna join that music group for sure. All right, so we'll see you guys later. Bye
English pod dot-com
