This is so cool!
Best director.
Best director.
And what else?
Best sound.
Best sound?
Yeah.
And also...
You mean like editing or something like that?
I think it was, yeah.
Might have been editing, yeah.
Something like that.
Yeah, but it won like four or five awards.
But for me, it was the best picture of the year.
Oh, best original screenplay, right?
Best original screenplay.
Oh, yeah.
True.
That's true.
It was a really good movie.
I only saw it recently and I was pleasantly surprised how good the movie was.
Yeah, and I've heard from a lot of people who were ex-military or who have served abroad
that this really captures part of their experience and you never hear that about war movies.
Usually war movies are very romanticized, you know, the hero and this one, there was
no romance.
It was all hard.
Very challenging movie.
Without too much politics, too.
Actually, I think that was the key of the movie.
They never, at any point, criticize or, you know...
Are in favor of...
Exactly in favor or against, nothing.
Did you see people doing their job, what they're supposed to do?
And I think what the movie was, the best part of it is that you see how people get addicted
to war, to the adrenaline rush.
They're just like adrenaline junkies, you know?
So basically, the movie is set in Iraq.
That's right.
And we are following a group of soldiers that belong to the bomb squad.
So basically, they go around, they receive calls or maybe information about a bomb, maybe
in a car or something like that, and they have to go check it out, and if it is a bomb,
they have to take it apart, disarm it, and, you know, make sure that no one is hurt.
So we're following around this group of guys who obviously have a very dangerous job, right?
Because at any time, this bomb can explode because also sometimes they wait until the
people arrive to make it explode, right?
That's right.
And these are not just any bombs.
These are IEDs, improvised explosive devices.
That basically means that they're homemade.
And there's an extra element of danger with IEDs, as we see in the news a lot, because
they're very unstable, and the rules are different for disarming an IED than for
a traditional bomb.
Right.
So just imagine it's like a homemade television, right?
You don't have any previous information about the circuits, how it's built, or how
it's supposed to detonate.
It's basically, there's a high probability that it will explode because you have no real
information about what the bomb will be like.
Yeah, that's why they always, well, at the beginning, the first guy, which is Guy Pierce,
which I was surprised to see him in such, you know, like a short period of the movie.
He goes in, instead of going himself, he sends, you know, the little card to see first
if it's going to explode.
But then the main guy comes, and he just goes for it, you know?
He doesn't wait for it.
It's just insane.
It's scary.
Yeah, he's kind of very adventurous.
I don't know.
I think that's part of the friction with the movie.
His style is very different, so he's not as precautious.
So his teammates are a little bit anxious whenever he's doing these things, like handling
explosives in such an adventurous way.
He seems careless.
He seems careless.
And for the people around him, it makes them nervous because carelessness can mean death
because they're at war.
But this character, that's part of the problem, I think, with the challenge of the movie.
It's a very psychological movie because you have to ask, why is this man so careless?
He has a family.
He has friends.
That makes him act this way because normal people care about their lives, right?
You don't want to die.
But it seems like he doesn't really care.
But then that's the interesting part.
The whole movie unfolds.
It's not that much of a...
It's not very fictitious, so to say.
It's very real life.
The brotherhood between soldiers, the conflicts that they could have, how they care for
one another, how they have friction.
Because obviously, when you spend that much time with people, sometimes you have problems,
right?
Like arguments or maybe whatever.
Sorry.
So, yeah, it's a very good psychological aspect of the movie.
I think the best part of it is you really grasp this notion of how much they're counting
every day.
It's good because in the movie, they always put at the beginning, how many days they
have to be stationed in that part.
So they're always counting, okay, 34 days left.
But then you see this, you know, how it's constant.
Every time it's like, okay, yeah, it's just 34 days.
But maybe they go back, you know?
Yeah, but it doesn't seem to get any easier.
Exactly.
So it's like 34 days, you would think it's harder than five days until they leave.
But you see that every day, it's the same risk and the same dangers.
It's like even the last day of work, something could go wrong.
Well, and that's the motif of the movie.
At a very basic level, it's about time.
As you think about a bomb, you have a certain amount of time to disarm the bomb.
The clock is always going down, five, four, three, two, and these men's lives and women,
their lives is all about time, about time in Iraq, time home, time disarming a bomb.
And so the movie is very anxious.
It gives you a feeling of anxiety, because there's always the time elements.
There's never enough time.
And it's very effective in that way, because more than any other war movie, it makes the
environment sound horrible.
If you see it, you really feel like you yourself, the viewer, is in danger.
So we actually have a very good clip prepared for you.
This is the part of the movie when there is a car that has this huge amount of explosives.
And it's set in front of a UN building or a UN United Nations hospital.
And so this guy goes into this army.
He does it successfully, and then a colonel comes up and talks to him.
So that's what we're going to listen now.
You the guy in the bomb suit?
No, sir.
Sir, that's Sergeant James.
He's right here.
Hey, James.
Yep.
Someone's here to see you.
Oh, shit.
You the guy in the flaming car?
Sergeant James?
Afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir.
Well, that's just hot shit.
You're a wild man, you know that?
Yes, sir.
He's a wild man.
You know that?
Why shake your hand?
Thank you, sir.
Yeah.
How many bombs have you disarmed?
I'm not quite sure.
Sergeant.
Yes, sir.
I asked you a question.
873.
800.
And 73.
800 is 73.
That's just hot shit.
800 is 73.
They're counting today, sir.
Yes.
That's going to be a record.
What's the best way to go about disarming one of these things?
Well, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not sure.
To go about disarming one of these things.
The way you and I, sir, that's a good one.
I've spoken like a wild man.
That's good.
All right.
We're back.
So interesting enough, this guy may seem careless, but he disarmed 873 bombs.
He's very good at what he does.
Yeah.
But imagine feeling 873 times in your life that you're going to die.
I mean, either he feels it or he doesn't, you know, at some point.
Maybe he feels it, but he likes it.
I think that's exactly the point, that he likes it.
It's like a drug, you know, it's like cocaine or something.
He gets high on that.
Yeah, really.
Because you know how there's people that they need to do something so intense
in order to feel alive?
Right.
So maybe that's it.
But you can't live with that.
You know, when the war is over, what do you do?
You become a mercenary.
Do you, I mean, you can't have that on all the time.
You can't have relationships.
You can't live like a normal human.
So the question is, and this comes up towards the end of the film,
what do you do afterwards?
How do you live your life?
And I think that this is something the writers did really well.
And I think it's worth mentioning.
The writer of this movie was what we call an embedded journalist.
He was living with the military in Iraq.
And so he lived with these people.
He was not in the military, but he lived with these people
and he was with them every day and he saw how things went.
And then he went back as well to the United States.
And I think that that really informed his perspective on this kind of life.
I think you get used to it, right?
You get used to a certain lifestyle, certain surroundings.
And then once you're out of that, everything else seems unfamiliar.
And I think it's really interesting because,
actually I was talking about this the other day.
One of the famous race car drivers, Michael Schumacher,
recently came out of retirement to go back to driving, right?
And everyone's like, why?
He's like 41 years old.
He's like a seven-time world champion.
Why would he do that and risk his life again
going in a car at 300 km per hour?
But this is who he is.
I think you need it, right?
There's no other explanation.
It's not like he needs the money.
It's not like he needs the fame.
I think it's just one of those things that is with you
and he will probably be happy to die within a race car
because that's what he loves doing.
Yeah, it's true.
I think that's the way people are.
Well, as one more side note to this conversation and to the movie,
I think it's worth mentioning that the director
is the first woman to win an Academy Award.
Catherine Bigelow, she did an amazing job in this movie.
And I think everyone should go to Wikipedia or to IMDB
and to read more about her because she's really inspirational.
So she's the first woman in history
to win an Academy Award for Best Director.
That's right.
Nice.
And she won it on a war movie.
I mean, breaking down these stereotypes, right?
I know.
It's not like the lovey-dovey kissy drama type like that.
Historical drama.
Has there been any other war movie that's won an award like this
for Best Picture?
Lots for Best Picture.
For Best Picture?
Oh, Platoon.
Yeah, you're right.
There's been a couple.
Saving Private Ryan, maybe?
4th of July, too.
Oh, you know, what was it?
Bridge on the River Kwai.
Saving Private Ryan.
Saving Private Ryan.
Saving Private Ryan, yeah.
Apocalypse Now, did that win?
I think maybe that one as well, Apocalypse Now.
Yeah, I think also.
Lots of war movies.
I like that movie, Full Metal Jacket.
Have you seen that one?
Oh, yeah.
Stanley Kubrick.
That's a really good one.
That's a good movie.
One of my favorites is Bridge on the River Kwai.
That's an amazing war movie.
Oh, really?
It's all about the futility of war.
There are a lot of war movies out there.
Actually, there are a lot of them out there,
but very few of them who talk about war
in a different perspective.
It's not all killing.
It's not all...
Yeah.
It takes about the human side of it,
so it's really interesting.
Like The Pianist.
Like The Pianist, yeah.
That was a great, great movie.
That was a really sad movie.
Yeah, but that's the thing.
That's why I don't like war movies.
Because they're sad?
They're so sad because they're real, you know?
Are you going to make a happy war movie?
Well, La Vita Vela.
Oh, yeah.
That's a pretty sad movie.
It is sad, but it's happy, you know?
It gives it like a comedy touch to it,
but it's not really.
No, of course.
It's a Holocaust movie.
I know, but what I'm saying is like,
it makes you, you know, it's sad,
but it's not that, you know,
you don't see blood everywhere.
They do it very subtle.
Tastefully, yeah.
What was it?
Stalag 59, Stalag 57.
It was a 1950s war movie,
but it was all about these prisoners of war
and they're kind of the fun life that they are trying to have
to keep themselves occupied during their time
and how they try to break out.
That sounds interesting.
It's a wonderful movie.
I'll have to post information on englishpod.com.
All right, so if you guys have any movie recommendations
that you want us to talk about or you've seen this movie
or you know that of any good war movies,
why don't you come to our website englishpod.com
and let us know there.
And we'll see you guys next week
for another edition of Director's Cut.
Bye.
Bye.
