Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of This Just In.
I'm joined in the studio by the mysterious man.
The mysterious man with the Italian accent.
Oh damn, Marco.
No, I'm the mysterious man.
With the Mexican accent.
The mysterious Mexican accent.
So Leo and Marco from Italian Pod.
Hello, nice to be here.
Alright, alright.
It's not having me again.
And I'm Marco, and Leo and I are back from our small adventure.
I survived.
We didn't get eaten by wild beasts that were guarding the temples of anchor.
But almost, almost.
Almost.
So it's great guys that you could come back here and solve all the problems that you had.
And you know, like, the newspapers here talked a lot about your case, and you know, I was
worried for a while.
It always makes its way, you know.
No, but we're back and no worries now.
So we're going to be doing our thing like we always do.
Let's do our thing.
What's our thing?
Let's do our thing.
Well, let's talk about the lessons that are coming up this week.
Oh, that's our thing.
Let's do it Marco, zero.
Well we have a lot of sports lessons coming out, and this week we're going to be talking
about hockey.
Oh, great.
Yeah.
So.
The thing with the disc on the...
On ice?
On ice, yeah.
Cool.
Is hockey not a big thing in Italy?
Um, not really.
Not really.
We have another game where there is a ball, and there are people that have to throw the
ball using their feet to a certain part of the field.
You mean football?
Yeah, that thing.
People go crazy for that.
Yeah, you go chase this ball.
I've heard about it.
And then there's one guy dressed all in yellow or black, and he gets angry all the time.
Like he got cards.
He's got cards.
He's throwing around cards of different colors.
And hockey is not really like that, right?
No, no, no.
Like the more you hit the people, the more the referees are happy.
It's like, yes, more, more.
I think that's...
There's some blood.
I think that's why I like hockey better than soccer, because you know, like in soccer they
barely touch the other player, and he's rolling on the floor, and he's crying, and
hockey like...
We're good at that.
That's why hockey is not that popular in Italy.
If you just dive, people are going to go and fight more and beat the peep out of you.
Well, Italians do have a good reputation of being amazing actors on the soccer field.
Thank you, thank you.
And for Wednesday's lesson, we're going to be robbing a bank.
Who is?
You?
Again?
Again?
What?
When did we rob a bank?
I mean, Mike, haven't you learned anything from what happened?
Well, it's a positive lesson.
Well, we're going to be...
It's actually about planning a bank robbery, so you're going to see a lot of great words
that you can use for planning an event, not necessarily robbing a bank.
And also, like, it doesn't have to be violent, you know?
Those people who rob a bank with a mobile, hand the mobile to the guy, and there's another
guy at the end of the line that says, please give this guy the money, otherwise they'll
kill me.
And they don't know if it's true or false.
Oh, that's a good one.
You can write it in the expansion center.
You can quote me on that.
I can quote you.
I'll put a footnote.
Yeah, and a copyright.
Copyright, all right.
So, yeah, we're going to be planning an event, planning a bank robbery, and we'll see how
it goes.
Nice.
And for Friday's lesson, we're going to have a malfunction of different things in
the office.
Oh, that sounds like a true story.
So the copier doesn't work, or the telephone doesn't work.
The other day at the office, the photocopier machine, photocopy machine, is that the word?
Please correct me, English, photocopier.
The photocopier got crazy and started.
Yeah, it started following me.
Yeah, it started, you know, they actually ate Sui's hand.
Oh, is that why she doesn't have, she's got her hand covered with something.
I know, it was terrible.
She's in terrible pain.
Really?
Well, I heard that the other day when they were recording.
If only she could have listened to that lesson.
I know.
Well, I heard that Spanish Pod was recording a lesson and something happened with the microphones
and Liliana got electrocuted.
Nowhere.
Yeah.
No, that was JP who couldn't handle her anymore, like, ah, that's enough.
I've been silent for too long.
I'm not going to take it anymore.
All right, so, well, we're going to see what happens with all of these malfunctions, and
I think we might have another great explosion in this one.
Woohoo!
Yeah!
All right, so, explosion.
Great lessons, we're going to be looking at some really fun stuff, and now, let's
talk about the user of the week.
No, let's talk about me.
I hear it, I hear it, it's a very special person.
It is a special person, this...
From a very special place.
From a very special place.
From your heart.
In your heart.
In your heart.
It's all in my heart.
This week's user of the week is Vikbug.
But that's not important.
Where is he from?
What are you talking about?
That is important to us.
Yeah, sorry, sorry, sorry.
But he is from Mexico.
Yeah, man!
Take that, all of you, from other countries.
All right, so, do you know Vikbug?
Oh yeah, yeah, we're together in school.
You go way back.
You go way back.
So yeah, Vikbug...
You haven't had any Italian users so far that made it to the user of the week.
Well, we do have a couple of Italian users, so...
We bought a friend of ours, that's racist.
No, no, I'm sure that our Italian users will make it to user of the week as well.
Actually, it's been growing.
We've been getting more and more people from Italy, so...
Come on, guys, guys.
Come on, you need to make that little extra effort.
Yeah, come on.
Vikbug is Mexican, nothing wrong with that, but I mean, you know.
Well, I think, I don't know, I think maybe they're too busy, you know, drinking their
coffees at different times of the day.
Or watching soccer.
Or watching soccer.
I'm sure they're not, they're there trying to learn English on your EnglishPod.com website.
No, they are, they are.
And we've been getting some really good comments as well, so it's very, very good.
So please, eh?
You know what I mean.
Thanks, Vik.
How about we make a special thing for our friend?
A special little effort.
What about an offer he cannot refuse?
Yeah, that horse that you have in your house.
All right, so great job, Vikbug.
Keep up the good work.
He's been commenting a lot and asking some really great questions, so keep it up.
And also a very special thank you to, again, Maxim, who's been transcribing all the lessons
on the comment section.
Wow, that's really, thank you so much.
I think, eh, I want just to say, I don't know if we can say it already, but Maxim,
we are planning to create a new position because user of the week is something that
changes.
But we are planning to give a reward to Maxim as maybe ambassador of Englishness.
Yeah, Englishness.
Englishfulness.
We'll have to work on the word, but yeah.
The prize name.
And also, you know what?
The English correctness.
A great...
You guys really need to come to...
Special award for best supporting user on a website based on Colombo.
Well, we will have the pod award soon, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we'll get people to vote.
That's just a myth.
A myth.
It's an urban legend.
We've been expecting it for...
It's on its way.
It's on its way.
But also, I wanted to...
Chinese pod, keep on putting it off because they're afraid to lose.
Down with Chinese pod.
All right.
I want to also give a special thank you to Stevester, who's been really helping out people.
Stevester.
Stevester.
What are you doing in English pod?
Come back to Spanish pod.
Well, he's a native English speaker, but he really helps out all of our users when they
are commenting and maybe they make some small grammar mistakes.
Bravo, bravo.
Yeah, he does that with me too.
Oh, really?
Cheers to Stevester.
He corrects your English.
Yeah.
He should.
But he just said I'm becoming a little bit better.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you, Stevester.
So wait, wait, wait.
Stevester is paying to correct your English.
Yeah.
All right.
But he's learning Spanish in exchange.
Okay.
But Leo's not paying anything.
I think Leo should pay Stevester something.
What do you think, Stevester?
Let us know on Englishpod.com.
Send me a payment request at once.
I'll review it.
I'll review it.
All right.
So that's all the time we have for today.
Thanks for joining us.
And we'll see you guys next week.
Come to Englishpod.com.
Leave your questions and comments.
And also visit our sister sites at Italianpod.com, Spanishpod.com.
Sister site.
I take it more as a brother.
Yeah, I think it's more or maybe cows in it.
A close cousin.
Nothing wrong with sister.
I don't understand it.
So yeah, if you want to learn Italian or Spanish.
How about relative general?
Well, I think we can go with...
Familiar.
Neighbor.
Neighbor.
Just friends.
What about that?
Our friendly sites.
It's been a hell of a ride, but let's just be friends, okay?
I think we need to start seeing other people.
All right, guys.
That's all for today.
We'll see you guys next time.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Spicy.
Englishpod.com.
