Hello, everyone, and welcome to this Justine.
My name is Marco.
My name is Katherine.
And today, well, we're going to talk a little bit about the upcoming lessons.
We're also going to ask you a few questions that we want you to answer on our website.
And we'll just chat a little bit about this and that.
Yeah, a little bit of everything today.
So actually, we have really exciting lessons coming up next week.
On Monday, we have a lesson about planning a wedding.
Well, this one is a very popular topic, and it's the wedding season.
So I think it's on a lot of people's minds right now.
Yeah, people get married when the weather is usually a little bit warmer in the spring maybe or summer.
And actually, planning a wedding can be a lot of hard work.
A lot.
And in a lot of places like America, for example, it takes about a year to plan a wedding.
A year.
Yeah, we're going to talk about the details and about the kinds of things that are important to plan for,
like the food and the flowers.
How many people do you think usually attend a wedding on average?
I think usually about 100, 120.
Yeah.
But do you think people actually know everyone that's at the wedding?
No, I think a lot of times, weddings are full of people who are friends of the parents of the bridegroom.
So parents and long-distance relatives.
Yeah, because personally, I have attended weddings that I didn't even really know the person that's getting married.
But my mom maybe knew that person somehow, and I got invited, and I was like,
all right, free meal, free booze.
Yeah, it could be expensive, though.
Imagine if you invited 400 people, and you didn't know half of them, and you're paying for them to eat.
Right, no.
And actually, from what I understand, it's not the food that's expensive, but it's the alcohol.
Alcohol, absolutely.
That's always what's most expensive.
And then you have little details like if you're going to have a band or an orchestra.
Well, obviously, you're not going to have a huge 100-person orchestra, right?
But you have to have music and a DJ.
All night long, too.
Yeah, I know.
So there's a lot to talk about when you're planning a wedding.
And that's what we're going to talk about a little bit on Monday's lesson,
a really interesting topic, especially for all those listeners out there
who are maybe planning on getting married soon.
And on Tuesday, we have our director's cut show.
And on this occasion, we're going to talk about the Indiana Jones trilogy.
Oh, we're going to talk about the originals?
Yeah, the originals with Harrison Ford, the first three, explaining the last one.
I love those movies.
I used to come home from school when I was a kid,
and I used to watch the movies over and over and over again.
I can actually basically tell you the stories of all of them, using quotes from the movies.
They are very, very good movies.
And I think especially because it has this sort of historical sense in each one of them.
But he actually made Harrison Ford and George Lucas, they made archaeology seem really cool.
Yeah, I was convinced I was going to become an archaeologist when I grew up.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Little did you know that half the time you're just, you know, like researching.
Sitting around with a microscope, looking at chemicals.
Yeah.
No, I think that it makes it a lot more sexy than the profession really is.
But maybe our archaeologist friends can convince us otherwise.
I think it's the same thing that happened with Jurassic Park.
They made paleontology seem really cool.
Really dangerous and exciting.
Bringing back dinosaurs from the dead.
Using the blood frozen in time in amber from mosquitoes to bring back to life
great dinosaurs of the past.
I actually heard that this mammoth that they discovered buried in ice,
like very well preserved that they were trying to see if they can bring it back to life.
Yeah, I read that too.
I wonder.
That would be crazy.
That'd be very weird.
That would be amazing if we could go see mammoths.
Science fiction becomes reality.
But just imagine if we lose control of them and now like our planet becomes.
Well, we could change the ecosystem.
Yeah, just that's that's dangerous.
But interesting things coming up on that director's cut.
And on Wednesday, we're going to the beach.
I love the beach.
It's a it's a relaxing place.
And it's also that time of year when you know,
you really want to go out and have some fun and be in the sun.
So the beach is a great place to do that.
Actually, yeah, I enjoy the beach, but I'm not that type of person
that really likes to sit on the sand, you know, and for a very long time.
I actually like to do beach related activities.
So I want to go snorkeling or diving or maybe sailing or or doing something.
But not really.
Just a lot of people really enjoy just sitting around reading a book.
Yeah, my mom does.
That's all she does.
She just sits there really in the sun.
Yeah, very simple.
It's great, though, because the the air you have this little mix of of the ocean
smell and the sun and it's warm and you can be half naked just taking in sun.
It's great.
Perfect.
Great summer activity.
And on Friday, we're going to buy new shoes, men's shoes, specifically.
This is a really important lesson for anyone who wants to go shopping,
maybe for yourself or for a friend, because shoes can be kind of complicated.
It's like clothes.
There's names for all the different kinds of shoes out there.
Yeah.
And there are so many styles and there are so many varieties and you don't know what you want.
But this is what we're going to help you out with.
We're going to give you a lot of vocab related to shoes, different styles of shoes.
So if you need to buy shoes, you can more or less can tell the salesperson
what style you're looking for and also vocab related to the shoe itself.
So parts of a shoe.
Parts of the shoe.
Yeah, it seems a lot more complicated than it really is.
Or it is more complicated than it seems.
Mmm, food for thought.
Food for thought.
All right, so great lessons coming up next week.
We hope you're going to enjoy them.
And we also want to get some feedback from you.
As you know, English Pod has many listeners from all over the world.
We have people from Russia, Japan, China.
We have people in the Middle East.
We have people in Australia, all over the place, even listeners in the United States itself.
So where are you guys coming from?
Where are you coming from?
And also, how do you hear about us?
We're really curious to know about how you first heard about English Pod.
Because some people find us on Google.
Some people find us from friends or hear about us from school.
So we're just really curious to know where did you first hear about English Pod?
Did you find us on the web?
Tell us your story.
Yeah, it would be really interesting to know how far we've actually reached.
Because actually, we've seen that we have people in Africa, people in Europe,
people in Asia, pretty much all over the place.
I don't think we're missing a continent.
Instead, maybe Antarctica.
Maybe Antarctica.
We'll have to look, though.
I imagine maybe one person is listening to us kind of bored in the snow.
I'm curious.
All right.
So that's what we're going to hear from you guys.
Please let us know.
Come to our website, englishpod.com.
You can leave your comments on the comment section or drop us an email.
And of course, if you have any lesson suggestions or topics
that you're really curious to hear about, we're happy to help you out there.
So let us know what you're thinking and what you're hoping to hear
in the next couple months or so, englishpod.com.
We'll see you there.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Englishpod.com.
