I'm so sorry.
Quiet on the set.
Quiet, please.
First position, please.
Rolling, action.
Hello everyone and welcome to another edition of Directors Cut.
My name is Marco.
My name is Catherine and today we're talking about the most famous, most popular movie in theaters today.
Exactly. We're talking about that movie that costs almost half a billion dollars to produce.
Jeez. That's a lot of money.
Five hundred million dollars.
Avatar.
Avatar. Well, they earned the money back.
They made a lot and people are still going to go see it.
Yeah, it's still in theaters, right?
Yeah, it is.
So it'll be a while before we actually see it out on DVD, Blu-ray or whatever.
I kind of want to see it on Blu-ray.
Yeah, it was awesome in the movie theater.
The quality of the graphics, it was amazing.
Although, I did wait in line to go get tickets.
They were sold out of the IMAX 3D so I only saw the normal one.
Me too. I didn't get to see the 3D one.
I was a little bit disappointed.
But they're saying that when they released this film on DVD or Blu-ray,
they're going to sell it with the glasses so you can see it a 3D version or a non-3D version.
Cool.
So you can just see it at home.
Yeah, I'll have to do that.
So anyways, the movie starts off with a guy who's an ex-marine, former marine,
and his brother just died.
So apparently, his brother was really smart.
He was a scientist and he was involved in this project
where they are creating these kind of like hybrid aliens that have human DNA
and this alien DNA in this planet called Pandora.
Pandora, that's right.
And basically, a hybrid is a combination of two organic things.
So we have a combination of human DNA and alien DNA.
And so the body is his avatar.
His avatar.
I think it's to use this body like a machine to interact with people.
So he looks like an alien, but really, his real body is somewhere else
and he's just thinking and acting and using the body like a machine or a robot.
Now, this is interesting.
This word, avatar, it has a certain historical connotation
and it has a certain meaning to it, right?
Yeah, I think it comes from Sanskrit, actually.
Sanskrit or Hindi term.
It's a word that means a likeness or a representation of your real self.
Okay.
So for example, on a website like Google or Gmail or even Facebook,
your picture is your avatar because it's what people see that represents you.
Right.
Sometimes people don't use their real picture.
Right, exactly.
So that's really important.
For example, also in your messenger, right, in your MSN messenger,
you can have a little picture there, but not necessarily it has to be of you.
So it could be maybe a car, maybe it can be your car or a painting that you made.
Or a frog.
Or a frog.
And that's supposed to represent you somehow or how you feel or just in general,
that's a pictorial representation.
So that's what avatar means.
Exactly.
And so that's the idea behind this movie that we can have someone
who is acting out in another body.
And the interesting thing is that his brother dies, this main character,
his brother dies, and because they're brothers, their DNA is very, very similar.
And these avatars, they're expensive to make.
And so instead of throwing the avatar away, they use him in place of his brother.
But what's interesting is this man is a soldier and he is handicapped.
He was in a, I don't know if it was an accident, but he was shot in war
and he can't use his legs anymore.
He can't walk.
And so when he's in his avatar, he can walk again.
So it's kind of special for him.
Yeah, that's exactly it.
So from the very beginning, he gets very excited when he's able to run again, right?
Because he can experience that.
But the interesting thing about these aliens is that they're super tall.
That's right.
They're a lot larger than human beings.
And so because this is, it's not an animated movie.
It's a movie with live actors and a lot of computer graphics.
And so because there's a mix, it's really interesting when they have the human actors
and the aliens because the aliens are so much bigger.
So it's really amazing to see how they design this.
It's amazing.
And the other thing is that many people kind of gave it a negative review.
They were saying, you know, this story has already been seen.
It was unimaginative.
It was not creative.
Or they even went out and said that, you know, it was like, you know,
just a typical story about nature and, you know, people trying to save nature and stuff like that.
I will say that the story has been told before.
Right.
Not the same story, but very, very similar stories.
For example, Miyazaki is a very famous Japanese movie director.
He did animated movies and he made a movie called Princess Mononoki.
And that's very similar because it's all about how humans use the Earth
and that's harmful to the Earth, but they also are harmful to each other.
And so what's, I think, special about this movie is the graphics
and the way that the director and the artists created a whole world.
It's really unbelievable because it's, you know, we say that it's seamless.
You can't tell when the real people stop and the computer graphics begin.
Yeah, it was very, very well done, the computer graphics.
And the story, obviously, the script wasn't amazing.
It didn't have, like, it wasn't very well-written, so to say,
but it was very interesting, the whole aspect of, you know, this society, well, not society,
this race of people who live in harmony with nature.
And, you know, they portray humans as very negative people coming to exploit their land
and, you know, all they want to do is get them out because they're in their way, right?
So that was interesting and how they kind of showed this guy who,
from the beginning, was the same way.
Obviously, he's a soldier, so he just follows orders and he's very, you know,
strict in the way that he thinks, but then he kind of evolves
and, you know, he sees the wrong that humans are doing.
So it is kind of interesting.
It is a story that's been told before, as you say,
but I thought it was interesting how they put it,
and it was a pretty long movie as well.
Yeah, it was. It was very long.
Well, and I say that, but it's an important story to be told.
It's about, you know, human history and about colonialism
and about, you know, how some people have gone to other countries
and used people as if they were things.
Yeah.
You know, they've abused the earth and they've abused other people,
and this is a story that is very much a part of history
and it's a story that I think it's helpful to teach people about,
even if, you know, it's about aliens and not about people in colonial times.
Yeah, I think it was good,
and it's definitely something that we should keep in mind.
But apart from that, I thought the movie was very entertaining.
It was a little bit long.
Towards the end, I was like, wow, we've been here for like three hours almost.
But, you know, I think it was still a good movie.
And it didn't feel slow for me.
No.
A lot of long movies feel slow towards the end,
but I didn't feel that.
I thought that it was very exciting, you know.
There's all these scenes where they're flying
or they're running through the jungle,
and there's animals and fights and bombs and planes.
And it's very exciting throughout the movie.
Yeah.
Although, if maybe to make it more realistic,
I would have probably made the end a little bit more sad.
Me too.
Yeah.
It was a very happy ending.
It was a happy ending.
We don't want to ruin it for our listeners,
but yeah, it's not a very sad ending.
Which, you know, well, I guess Titanic was sad.
Now, this is another thing.
Yeah.
James Cameron, he's a very famous director,
and he's gotten the reputation of always making expensive films.
Yeah, well, Aliens.
Terminator.
Titanic.
And I think he also had one of the most expensive special effects
seen before Titanic, before this, with The Abyss.
Yes, that's right.
I think Underwater, and it was just amazing special effects
for like 1990s, I think, early 1990s.
Well, The Abyss was an awesome movie.
Very good.
Yeah, he has a reputation for breaking limits
and for pushing, we say, pushing the envelope,
for trying to do things that no one has ever done before.
True.
True.
But very different genres.
I mean, you go, well, kind of the same.
Sci-fi.
I guess sci-fi.
Fantasy.
I was going to say Titanic was different, but...
It was different.
It was a historical fiction, but...
But then Terminator, sci-fi.
Terminator, Alien, Abyss.
Yeah, I think he's into that.
Yeah, I think so too.
All right.
So, great movie.
You definitely recommend to people to go see it, right?
I would.
I would recommend going to go see it.
Don't worry.
I'm sure it will be in the movie theaters
for a long time to come.
So, if you haven't seen it yet,
you still have some time.
Right.
And if not, well, you can wait until the DVD comes out
and then you can rent it,
but it's definitely worth going to the movie theater
and seeing all these amazing worlds
and like crazy bugs and...
Animals.
Yeah.
On the big screen.
If you can, go to 3D.
If you can't, go to the IMAX.
I'm sure it'll be cool as well.
That's right.
So, we hope you enjoy.
And until next time.
Bye.
Bye, everyone.
