Hello, this is EnglishPod and my name is Ken Carroll and I'm Erica today
We're here to tell you about EnglishPod because EnglishPod is a new and very exciting way
I believe to learn English. Yeah, that's right Ken
So today we're gonna tell you about how you can use EnglishPod
We'll tell you about the people at EnglishPod and we'll tell you why you should learn with us. That's right
So stay with us for the next five minutes and we'll tell you all about it
But first, let's meet the two very special hosts on EnglishPod
Two people you'll meet here every day. Their names are
Marco and Amira. Marco and Amira. So let's meet them
Hello, I'm Amira. I'm going to be your host for this show here at EnglishPod
I'm originally from Egypt but have been a citizen of the world. I lived in Europe, Asia, US and of course North Africa
I speak four languages fluently and just like you listeners
English is a second language for me
I'm gonna do my very very very vast to share my language learning experience with you
Along with my passion for languages
So I really really hope that you will enjoy our show learn something and find it useful
Hi, everyone. My name is Marco Mejia and I will be one of the hosts for EnglishPod
I was born in Ecuador in the capital city, which is Quito
But I lived my entire life basically in the United States
I am really excited about being able to share with you this podcast and to help everyone out there learn or
Improve their English. I have been teaching for quite a while
So I know it could be very frustrating and very difficult at times
But I will do my best to make everything as clear as possible and to answer any questions
And solve any doubts that you have. All right, I'm ready and I hope everyone out there is ready
So let's have some fun and let's learn a lot of useful English here at EnglishPod
All right. That was great Amira and Marco now
We have a friend called Amiri Lebert and he has some questions about EnglishPod
Yeah, that's right. So let's listen to Amiri's questions. Good
Well, you go to EnglishPod.com and you download the lesson
Listen to the lesson when you want where you want
Then you go to our website EnglishPod.com and you can ask questions
Leave comments get help from the teachers. Don't forget. There's a wonderful community on EnglishPod.com
So you can join in the conversation
You can ask questions
You can discuss things with other learners with teachers with anyone you like
So don't forget there's a community of other learners there too
We use the lexical approach the lexical approach the lexical approach
Basically, we teach you words that fit together. We don't teach you one word
We teach you words that go together
So you'll know how to use these words just like a native speaker. That's right
So, you know, you could learn words one by one by one
It's very slow or a lot of people will learn grammar, you know, spend a lot of time learning grammar
Well, we have some grammar, but just a little bit and we certainly don't teach word by word by word because that's just very boring
So yeah, we'll bring you
Groups of words how words work together and how native speakers actually use those words
That's right. Now also we'll bring you some very dramatic English, right?
Interesting English will make dramatic scenes or you'll hear funny situations and interesting things
But the key as Erica says is that you will learn
English as it's really spoken by native speakers and not the English that you usually see in the
Textbooks, right? Right. English pod is unique. There's nothing else like English pod out there
Because what you can do is you can download lessons onto your iPod
You can listen as you like you can listen as you're jogging
Listen as you're walking as you're working or sitting on the bus
You can download them onto your cell phone or your iPod and when you have time then you can go to English pod
Dot-com you can talk with people and interact in the community with teachers and other learners
So you can do many many many things with English pods that and no other service can bring you so it is very special
Okay. Well, we'll be here every day to help you with your English and don't forget to stop by the website and leave your questions
And your comments and we'll always get back to you. That's right on English pod calm
Amira and marker will be here every day. Erica will be here every day. I'll try to be here every day
There'll be lots of people there. So go to English pod calm ask your questions meet new friends and let's learn English together
So stay tuned for some great lessons from English pod calm and we'll see you tomorrow
