Kibbutz shoushi kutwa!
Quiet on the set!
Quiet, please!
First position, please!
Rolling, action!
Hello everyone and welcome to Director's Cut!
My name is Marco and I am actually here by myself today.
We have no co-hosts, but not to worry, today we're going to talk about a great movie, an animated film,
that came out recently called Ice Age 3.
Alright, so this film was actually very, very anticipated by many people around the world,
because, well, Ice Age 1 was a very funny story of a mammoth, a willy mammoth,
who was a type of prehistoric, long-haired elephant,
a sloth, which is also an animal that still exists today,
and a saber-toothed tiger, which is also an extinct animal that existed long before.
And basically, the story follows some adventures that they get into,
but mainly also, one of the main and favorite characters,
is a little prehistoric squirrel, that is chasing around an acorn.
So, this is one of the funniest parts of the movie, because,
as the squirrel chases all these acorns, or, well, one acorn,
the acorn falls, or he falls, and he's just having a really hard time of breaking it,
or getting the food that's inside.
Ice Age 3 was different from all the others, because it was also released in 3D format,
so it was really, really interesting, because you can go to the movie theater,
put on some 3D glasses, and you could see in 3D the characters,
and it was really interesting to see that, and it was released in many movie theaters in this way.
If you buy the DVD, I don't think you can actually see it in 3D anymore,
but if you did have the opportunity to see it in the movie theater, it was really interesting.
On this occasion, in Ice Age 3, they also have another adventure,
and I think the mammoth, the willy mammoth, is expecting a baby,
so he's trying to protect his wife, but then the sloth, his best friend, gets lost,
so they go out and look for him.
And now it's interesting, because a new character was introduced in this movie.
First, it was a female squirrel, who was also chasing the acorn.
So, the little squirrel meets the female squirrel, and they fall in love while they're chasing the acorn,
and also a strange type of hamster or some type of weird other animal that has an Australian accent.
So, he was very funny, because he only had one eye,
and he was surviving in the jungle with all the crazy, big, huge dinosaurs.
So, actually, we have an extract from this part of the movie, so we can listen to it now.
Sadly, yes, but I lived.
Never had I felt so alive than when I was so close to death.
Just before Rudy could suck me down his gullet, I grabbed hold of that gross,
pink fleshy thing that dangles at the back of the throat.
I hung onto that sucker, and I swung back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and back and forth and back.
And forth and back and forth until finally I let go, and I shot right out of his mouth.
I may have lost an eye that day, but I got this.
Rudy's tooth? Dang.
It's like the old saying, an eye for a tooth, a nose for a chin, a butt for a...
Well, it's an old saying, but it's not a very good one.
You are super weasel.
Ultra weasel.
Diesel weasel.
B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum.
What? He is.
Now, let me tell you about the time I used the sharpened clamshell to turn a T-Rex into a T-Rachel.
Yes, master.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's enough fairy tales for one night.
Come on, Ellie. You should rest now.
Life of the party.
Alright, you guys get some shut-eye. I'll keep watch.
Don't worry, Buck. We got this.
Nighttime is possum time.
Yeah, we on the night, baby.
Alright, we're back.
So, as you can see, it was pretty funny the way that he was talking and explaining what was going on.
And, well, I pretty much recommend this movie to anyone that wants to watch it.
It's not only funny for kids.
It's a great children's movie, but also for adults.
So, Ice Age 3 is a film that you can go with your brother, little brother or sister,
or your son or your daughter.
You can watch it and have a good time.
And the English used in this film was pretty entertaining and easy to understand.
So, this is a great film to help improve your listening,
to help improve your understanding of English,
and laugh at the same time.
So, that's all the time we have for today.
I hope to see you next time on Director's Cut.
And until next time, goodbye.
