Hello everyone and welcome to this just in my name is Marco, and I'm joined here with two very special guests
We have Leonardo Guerrero aka Jeff Tabasco back in the studio. Hello
All right, and we have also bill. Hello is incognito wearing his sunglasses
Yeah, because we're cool like this. We're here by the beach
Hiding our identities yeah, we don't at the beach. We don't want you to know who we are all right
So we're going to talk about lessons coming up this week on Monday. We have an apology letter actually bill
You recorded this dialogue. I did yeah, what is it about? Can you give me a cue?
I can't you know that you were saying I'm sorry oh that one. Yeah, that's a good one
But he tuned in for that one so is it to a girl. Oh, yeah, yeah, it's kind of to a girl. It's not really apology
It's he's he's really hurt. He's he's going yeah. He's going through a lot of emotions
I don't feel it's like it's only apology. It's kind of like a romantic
Explanation of love really by Marco. It's yeah, it's written by me. I was very inspired at the moment. It's great for this Halloween time
Now this is past Halloween or in November already all right, so there's some horror in it
Ghost pops up at the end
This is an advanced media lesson, so it's not really like the normal lessons all right all right on Tuesday
We're gonna be talking about the movie. I am legend with Will Smith. Oh, that's a good one
I think I saw one you didn't really like it. Did you?
It was all right. I think we expected more from it. I really liked it for some reason
I don't know what it was it was you know actually I do know what it is
I was thinking about this morning on my bike
I just wish I had those powers just as like a normal guy like I wouldn't have to use them
Responsibly like I could just like somebody cut me off. I can just be like you can send them off into space
That's why you don't have super power
All right, so we'll be talking about that movie actually this was requested by a user as well because well
I guess the user really likes the movie. I am legend right and so on Wednesday. We're gonna be talking about
Asking for a loan. We're gonna ask a bank for a loan all right. That's not very easy nowadays
Well, we are with the crisis and the interest rates, and it's so complicated nowadays
So yeah, I don't think banks are giving out money. That is you know well
We're gonna teach you the vocab necessary to actually ask a bank for a loan
Yeah, so the interest rates. I guess are actually pretty good right now, so if you if you can manage to get a loan
Then you're set
But they're only giving out loans to like two people a week. You don't know this for sure
This is these are like facts made up by you. I read the newspaper
They actually said we're giving out two loans per week, and I went to college
Yeah, that makes you qualified for sure
All right, so what else would I have no doubt and no debt, but I at the same time have properties
So you're pretty much. That's okay. You're in purgatory. Do you do you have a credit card?
I don't even have a credit card. It's
Yeah, I've never had one. It's an invention never had a devil. I I really want one you do what for to spend
And then you would be in debt
But I but I would spend it's important though to have to even to have a credit card and pay it off because then you can
Build up your your credit. Well right now. Maybe you don't even have so it's hard to get a loan
That's an American thing you guys are built on credit you guys. I mean, that's
Alright so on Friday, we're gonna be talking about
plastic surgery
Way so you know what you know what we say in the dialogue or in the in the lesson
Say breast implant
I think that's a first for a podcast. It's gonna open the flood gate floodgates for sexual content in
Less well you handle customer service. Oh, you're gonna be getting a lot of complaints. I'm into it
Please don't listen to this podcast. Well we say it in a technical term. We say breast implants. I mean, that's what it's
And we say nose job
I was a change. I was becoming such a big thing. Like, you know their eyes they do like
Oh the double eyelids. Yeah, I heard that Hong Kong is now promoting like
Surgical tourism where people get like the whole five day four night package plus surgery. Yeah
You know, I was watching TV and like this guy has to do some teach job and he was like they were filming live
and he had only like
How do you say in the station? Yeah, like local static and it was just here
So he was awake and they were like drilling. Yeah
Yeah, I heard they take wisdom teeth out. Have you guys had your wisdom teeth out one?
Did they put you out for that or when I want to and you're still awake. Yeah
Yeah, that's pretty intense. Yeah, they take it out. You can feel like yeah
My dent is pretty much like so your eyes are the chair with the pliers your eyes your eyes are wide open
Yeah
But actually I've seen how they perform a nose surgery and it's pretty intense they cut
Around the nostrils and put the skin back
Oh my and then they take like you would think it's a little bit delicate, right?
They actually take like this big file and they just let it is file file away the ball. Yeah
They just start filing and they actually break your nose a little bit to actually
That's why you get all these bruises around your eyes and stuff. Yeah
It's pretty intense. Oh, yeah, we wouldn't know what's happening if you come in on Monday with bruises around your eyes
No, all right. So anyways moving on from the topic something else any news say anything new in your life
There was this big costume party I dressed up as a bow on which is basically a Chinese security guard
I was shower man bill was just wearing a shower cap and a towel around I was taking a shower you kind of just didn't
Time in the morning
But yeah, we had a fun we actually posted some pictures on Facebook about the whole team and how we dressed up and yeah
Check them out. Yeah, like Liliana was Princess Leia and Catherine was a pop cool was a was a pinup
Pinup doll or pinup pinup girl. You know girl. I didn't make it to Halloween party
Yeah, you were well actually you won a big chili contest. Yeah, it was a lot of fun
Because of that I they just got me into a lot of party and I didn't make it
Hello in party. All right, so congratulations Leo on the best chili in
And the the Marry a national contesting time soon
I hope so maybe the merit of this was actually that you went up against professional chefs and like
Restaurant chefs right of like big restaurants. I say I'm not a professional
Well, like you weren't a properly trained in a profession. You don't have the financial backing maybe
Yeah, so it was awesome, right? I was cool. I got there late so I didn't get to taste your chili
But man, don't talk about us. I'm so hungry
Big award-winning chili, I mean sounds all right, so well
Spicy all right, so that's all the time we have for today
If you have any questions comments or suggestions come to English pot calm and we'll see you guys there. Bye
English pot
