Hello, everyone, and welcome back to another edition of This Just In.
I'm here with Catherine.
Hi, guys.
And Jason.
Hello.
Our special guest, Jason.
How do you pronounce your last name?
Skurman.
Skurman.
So it's S-H-U-U-R-M-A-N.
Where is that from?
It's a Dutch name, but there's also, German people will also have this name sometimes,
so there's multiple pronunciation.
But I would say Sherman if you were in Germany.
Yeah, exactly.
Some people say Sherman.
Some people say Sherman.
My family says Sherman.
All right.
And Jason is our official Chinese translator that you'll find him on Chinese, but he does
the translations from English to Chinese, Chinese to English or something like that.
Chinese to English.
Chinese to English.
All right.
So no English to Chinese.
No way.
That's too hard.
Oh, really?
It's harder to go from English to Chinese.
Yeah, because it's not my native language, so it's really hard for me to write in good,
proper, authentic, accurate.
Those professional translators will translate from their acquired language into their native
language, because that way you can explain with fluency what you're trying to write
about.
All right.
In any case, you're Chinese pretty good though, right?
It's okay.
All right.
So we're going to be talking about this week's upcoming lessons.
On Monday, we have a lesson about stir fry.
Oh, man.
It's a classic American Chinese dish, I think.
The stir fry.
You know, you have like meat and vegetables, it's all on a wok.
In America, we like to eat a lot of soy sauce with our Chinese food, so I think of this
as being a very salty dish that you get in Chinatown.
It's funny.
I miss some foods in America that I used to call Chinese food, but I miss them now that
I live in China.
Beef and broccoli.
Yeah.
Or like chop suey.
Exactly.
Yeah.
All those are American Chinese inventions, right?
And they're delicious.
All right.
So we're going to be talking about stir fry, vocab like vegetables and how to, what's
a wok.
You talk about a wok, et cetera.
On a Tuesday, we have directors cut and we're talking about the movie The Proposal with Sandra
Bullock.
It's a romantic comedy.
It's a girl's flick.
About a proposal, I'd imagine.
Yeah.
It's about a Canadian girl who is played by Sandra Bullock and she is going to get deported.
So it's a romantic comedy about what happens.
She's a super type A executive at a publishing company and she cannot fathom being deported
to Canada where she is from.
So she has to make a proposal to stay in the country.
So that's where her assistant kicks in and it's this handsome kind of charming guy.
Ryan Reynolds.
Super cutie.
The whole thing revolves around.
It's pretty good.
It's an art.
It sounds a lot like you, Marco.
I know.
All right.
So that's on Tuesday.
On Wednesday, we're going to be looking for a job or job hunting.
Actually literally hunting, right?
We're looking for all the listings and trying to figure out what we need to be competitive
in the job market.
It's actually interesting because there's this other term that is used when actually people
look for you.
They're called headhunters.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's really, really common, especially now with these internet, like these websites
that have your information on them and you get emails from headhunters.
Yeah.
You would think it's kind of scary though because you think headhunters, somebody that's
out to kill you to chop off your head.
I think you can use it that way.
Yeah.
You can.
I think that's where it comes from.
But in this case, we are looking for a job.
We're out in the market or on the market looking for a job.
Both are okay.
In the market.
So we're out in the market looking for a job.
Have you ever been contacted by a headhunter?
I personally have not.
I haven't either.
I bet Catherine has though.
I have.
Really?
I know people who have and it's like, how do they get in touch with them?
Well, I know exactly how I have, you know, LinkedIn is a very popular resume site where
you make connections for professional connections and you can provide some information, a lot
of information or very little information.
And I provide very little actually, but I still get contacted every once in a while.
It's exactly that.
It's like, you're mysterious.
They want to know about you.
Give us more.
All right.
So that's on Wednesday.
And then on Friday, we're going to be taking a trip to the tailor.
We're going to get a custom made suit.
Mmm.
Very cool.
Fancy.
Yeah.
So actually here, China is one of a very popular place for this.
We go to the fabric market and you just get stuff handmade and it's cheap and it's actually,
it's so nice to have clothes that actually really fit, especially I've noticed for guys
because my, a lot of my American friends, um, they buy these suits at the store, whatever
men's warehouse and they look great, but they don't quite fit right in the shoulders
or in the legs.
But if you get a custom made suit, it fits your shoulders, your arm length, your pant
length.
They measure everything.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You look sharp.
Very sharp.
You know what?
I've never worn a tuxedo.
So I'm kind of, I have never worn a tux.
It's an experience.
Is it really?
Do you really?
Cause I feel that if I wear a tux, I really want to have a cane and a top hat.
Just go all out.
Tuxedos though, you have the cummerbund and you, you know, a little carnation or
whatever and they're, they're nice.
Cause I've been to weddings and stuff, but I just wear a suit because I've never
been like a best man or something.
So.
But suits are nice.
But the thing is you're always a businessman in a suit in a tuxedo.
You don't know what he's up to.
He could do.
Although I have to say I'm a big fan of the three piece suit, which seems to be making
a comeback, which is with the, with the vest, the vest.
It went out of fashion around world war two because I guess supplies were low.
They didn't want to waste fabric on these, you know, on these fabric, heavy suits.
So they got rid of the vest.
But these days it's making a comeback, especially in Brooklyn.
Looks really good.
I think if I wore a three piece suit or a tux, I definitely want a, um, what is that
called?
A hand watch.
A pocket watch pocket, pocket, pocket watch.
They look so cool.
You know, you just pull out a handkerchief, a handkerchief, maybe a monocle, a monocle
and the ivory topped cane.
Yeah, exactly.
And then, uh, what is that little filter type thing?
So they smoke cigarette holder, cigarette holder.
That's how it's called.
Yeah.
Is there a name for that?
Cigarette holder, I guess.
Actually a French word, like the piece nays, like the eyepiece, but I have no idea what
the, what the name for a cigarette holder is.
What about girls?
What do you guys get made?
Do you also get made suits?
No, no, I get coats and dresses and skirts and pants and I get a lot of my favorite clothes
copied because I, I tend to go through clothes quickly.
Oh really?
What about getting shoes custom made?
I've heard that you can also do that.
Get your foot measured.
Yeah.
I need to do that.
My, my feet do not fit.
Most Chinese shoes.
What size are you?
In Chinese sizes, I'm 46.
Wow.
Yeah.
I think for guys that go up to 44 max, I every shop, I'm like, Hey, what's the biggest size?
44.
Oh really?
Yeah, they're all 44.
The girls, the biggest is a 38, maybe a 39, sometimes 41.
So I've never bought a pair of shoes in China.
Really?
I've never have either.
Yeah.
It sucks.
That's the problem.
See, that's why you guys are too big.
So what does Yao Ming do?
That's what I want to know.
I don't know.
That is a good question.
You probably have like the Chinese, like the people's Republic office of, of sportswear
for like, like the national heroes, super tall people where they have like custom made garments
for them.
Yeah.
I actually saw, I was recently at Ripley's, believe it or not.
And they had a picture and the life size statue of the tallest man in the world that
ever lived.
And he was like eight foot 11, eight feet, 11 inches.
So in meters, that would be almost three meters.
You couldn't do anything.
You couldn't have a normal house.
He had like a size, like 86 foot or something.
It was ridiculous.
His hand was as big as my head.
Amazing.
So yeah, just consider yourself lucky.
So you're not that tall.
He definitely had every single piece of clothing made tailored specifically for him.
Pretty much.
All right.
So that's all the time we have for today.
If you guys have any questions or any doubts, or if you want to suggest any lesson topics,
you can always come to our website, englishpod.com, or you can send us an email at englishpod
at praxislanguage.com.
So happy studies and until next time, bye everyone.
See you later.
Englishpod.com.
Bye.
