Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of this just in I'm joined here with Catherine. Hi everyone and Bill is back
Hello
So today we're gonna just be talking about the lessons that are coming up and any other relevant news in our lives that you may
Or may not care about but we're gonna tell you anyways probably won't care about
Mark are you getting married? I am what really congratulations to me. Yeah, congratulations mark. No, I'm not
I thought you were gonna say like relevant news is
No, no, no marriage
But actually two of my very good friends in Japan that are living in Japan now are getting married
So yeah a shout out to them if they're listening
Congratulations, Julie and Alex. Yeah
They're
So, yeah, but no, no marriage for me yet. Let's not go into this topic anymore though
All right. So on Monday, we're gonna be bringing you a great lesson. It's about the internet
Yeah, we like the internet by broad. Yeah, but we're gonna be getting an internet plan
Cable service provider. Yeah, or I don't know
There's so many different ways and you can get it through your cable service. You can get it like the phone line, right?
Right, right. That'd be DSL. Yeah, so and then you have
Fiber optics now so you can get like a t1 t3. What if you work for like the FBI?
Well, yeah, or if you just live anywhere else in the world, I mean in America
I know the internet speeds are pretty slow here in China. Obviously, they're quite slow
South Korea is the winner of high-speed internet
I think everyone has like ultra sonic sound of speed high-speed internet where the states we have there's high-speed cable
And then there's DSL. Mm-hmm, right. I think the Verizon's coming out with the fiber optic right now. Oh, yeah
Yeah, I thought it was like a thing of the future. It's actually sure is here
China
It's actually an interesting thing because you know people have less time and you don't want to wait for your website or your web page to
Load so I don't just gets like really
Dial-up though. Yeah
Yeah, and you had like the dark days of dial-up
Anybody listening to this
I remember AOL like 1994. Yeah, exactly. You remember AOL. I remember 2400 baud back in the day
2400 I had 24 hundred while you had a 1200. Okay. Well, you're older than me
But I know what a couple year a year me and I had prodigy. Yeah, I thought of you, too
I remember hearing about prodigy before that. Did you ever go on like local BBS's the BBS? No, I was ultra nerd
Community. Well, I mean my friends are doing it
My cousin had a BBS
Yeah, these are the early days of internet prodigy was a an internet service provider same as AOL
Which is America online and I think the internet turned 30 this week. Oh, really turn 40. I think yeah 40 officially
Already call you out on because I read the art
Well, like since it's been invented right right so like actual you
Did the internet?
Invented it he did really he claimed that on the trip. Yeah campaign a horrible experience on his campaign
I guess where he was just like I don't agree to the internet
Which I created actually a Wi-Fi was created a long time before the internet, which is weird
I'll give you the story on that
I'll put it on the website
But basically it was two people that during the Second World War they were afraid of
Transmitting messages or something like that. So they create a Wi-Fi for some raids or something like that
I'm not really sure on the exact details, but it is what is Phi stand for fidelity?
So instead of hi Phi, it's Wi-Fi wireless. Wireless fidelity. I think so
Alright then on Tuesday, we're gonna be like that you always have an answer mark. I do
Can't stop this guy can't
On Tuesday, we have a show called directors cut and that's the movie show and we're gonna be looking at the fight
Club the movie with Brad. Well, I don't know any songs to sing
Talk about soap or something
So it's a great movie everyone pretty much liked it and
Bills in that one as well commenting as well. And even John the infamous alto John paston enjoyed the movie
Yeah, it's a great movie one to see I saw it recently. I hadn't seen it before. I'm actually
seeing these movies that I've never seen like
Fight Club pulp fiction
Father I hadn't seen the godfather. Oh, which I cannot believe it really seriously. Let's go classics. Have you seen Jaws Jaws?
I have did
Can't remember which one of like the six jaws that came out
I saw but I saw one more that girl gets eaten by the big sharp with the shark with the sharp teeth
No, that's pretty much all I think there's a boat
All right, actually Jaws is an icon because of the song dude, dude, and that's like the horror movie song
All right on Wednesday, we're gonna be renting a car
Which I can do now
You have a credit card or have a five. I just turned 25. Oh, you can't you can't rent a car before you're 25
Oh, really? Wow states. Oh, I didn't know that neither neither. Oh god, the one thing I get to do at 25
Is there any other no more milestones? There's no there's only the 30s
It's all downhill from here
All right, so we're gonna be getting a car, but obviously we have a reservation and I think somebody lost it or something like that
So so there's a mix. There's a mix-up. There's a mix-up. There's an upgrade or something and
On Friday, we're gonna be talking about chess. Oh, I know you like to play chess. I
Analytical mind I do but I'm not good at it
My brother is really good at it and he always bugs me to play but I never really play with him because I always lose
So yeah, but we're gonna be with you. I
Know that you also like to play chess and you bill as well, right? I'm not the biggest chess fan
I'm more of a backgammon guy back game. Good game. Good game
Well, I just actually learned how to play chess recently. So really kind of getting into it. It is a difficult game
It's very it's very strategic. You have to think four steps ahead and you have to be aware of like easy tricks
Yeah, there's a couple of easy tricks that good chess players know that
There's this one where the rook and the King trade places, right?
I was like the first time I saw it was like, what are you doing? You can't
It's like you're making things up. They're like, no, you can't do this unless you didn't check you
So
Actually, I had a friend who would read the books and about strategies of chess and I actually study
Famous chess plays all the Russian games the Russians and stuff
The famous Russian player. What was his name? What's his name? I just know Bobby Bobby Fisher
It was the Russian who played against a big blue Oh deep blue deep blue or big blue deep Oh something
I don't know. Um, like this is this is for in ski. This is for a rush. I am Krishna
This is for our Russian listeners
What was the they have a couple of very famous chess play many famous chess players?
Yeah, a couple who have been on those international as well as Cubans Cubans are pretty good now on the international
So deal with communism and chess people. I know
All right, so pretty much those are the lessons coming out next week and any other news with you guys any
No, no, no, I'm going to eat Indian food tonight. No, we're having Indian food
We actually don't have many listeners in India, but we do enjoy Indian food
That's because they don't really need the English pot so much true
Actually, I was surprised to find how many people speak English in India
Like it's a vast majority of the of the population that that has at least a certain degree of communicational skill in English
Absolutely. So like the Philippines like the Philippines very good
So yeah, we're having Indian food tonight, and I think that's what we're gonna do right now
So thanks everyone for listening
We'll see you guys next time. Bye
