Coming to you straight from Brisbane Australia the place where we have the Gold Coast the Great Barrier Reef and evil stingrays that kill our movie stars
This just in
He's he's actually speaking English from Australia
Oh
Australian I met met from Chinese pod. Yes, Matt from Chinese pod is here with us today. And of course
I am here with Leo. Hello, and Marco also known as Naboo shower. I guess I'm I'm noodles. You're Naboo
Keep forgetting it and
Welcome to another edition with us. We are here as we mentioned with Matt. He is our Chinese pod product manager
Anyway, nobody's understanding anything anyway, so yeah any languages speak. Why don't you just nod for the rest of the episode?
Alright so today we're gonna be talking about well the usual stuff, but we're also gonna be naming our user of the week
I know many people were angry last week. What's the prize for this user of the week a free massage from Leo pride
Right back from from our community. Yes. Yeah. Awesome. Our community is very so as you get to be mentioned in this just thing
I want I want to say that is some serious streak
I want to say two things before we nominate the next user of the week because as you said there was a lot of
How can we call it like a lot of movement about an animated discussion on the website?
Why you didn't pick a user of the way you forgot we did not forget, right?
Okay, and as we pointed I did forget you forgot to shut up. Just say you did
As we pointed out many times
User of the week is something that you have to earn and let's face it guys last week. Yeah, you just weren't there. Nobody
No, no, no, you're good. That's that's that's that
It's okay because in Australia that doesn't mean the same thing. Yeah, I
Must say that that is not true. You guys were using the typical Australian excuse for being lazy. No, okay now blamed it on someone else
Okay
Would you who would you have chosen? I?
Would have chosen Julie
What Julie 77 she is the best you mean July Julie I call her July
Okay, well now we have a July was user of the week. Yeah. Yeah, she was using my mother Julie. Do we have a Julie?
Yeah, there's a really seven. Can you check a Julie who parked a 76 for the white?
Can you please come and claim your car?
You are blocking the exit so but this week we are proud and happy to say that we have a user of the week
Right and not just any use of the week a very special one because she is from Mexico again
Yeah, no wait wait wait wait why it's just because it's a girl and it's for men she's from Mexico that she got it
She's very pretty well
That's politically incorrect
Look why don't you pick an Australian because you just said we don't speak English so we are also well
We actually do have in Australia you guys think you speak English. Yeah, see we can't convince you otherwise actually no
I have to say that they kind of like more the Australian accent than the American accent really
Understand but I think it has more personality. I believe so too. I mean in fact I prefer Marcus
Oh, this is coming from an Italian, of course
Okay
Okay, so as we said
See Kuevas see Kuevas is the user of the week
Yeah for Kuevas, but we also want to give a special mention to someone else a new title
That would be like what viceroy of the last three days
Vice president the new the prime minister of the two weeks
What should it be?
We'll just name him as a special mention award. Yeah honorable mention honorable mention to
GG underscore to
KIM oh, well, it's it's it's the guy with the motorcycle on
The guy who wrote down the whole transcript of the late the last the previous to this one
That was amazing as a feature cuz we were yelling we were talking over each other. I'm cool. I'm was here
So, yeah special mention to him. Thank you very much for that transcript
That's actually the first time anyone has done the entire transcript of a new show
He's now in the Guinness record. I think so book probably the long years for the guy with the motorcycle
And Kuevas as well. Thank you very much. Thank you. Let us been really active in the community
Esso
Okay, so she's learning English now you're making her go back
Relate, you know, oh, come on man, you know some Spanish as well. What do you know?
Well, you've only been teaching in bad words, oh, I know
Como sías como sías como sías. Como estas or bueno sías
All right, so moving on moving on moving on all right next week's lessons next week's lesson part six of
I'm sorry. I love you. Wow. What stage are we now?
We are at the state where they are going to the doctor because remember she said she might be pregnant
So now they're going to the doctor and see if she's effectively pregnant or not
On the floor I just guessed that the name the subject of the lesson was the mistake
And it turns out that they're actually going to the doctor to find out whether or not they made a mistake
What how do you say it in?
There's a slang we're in Australia for when a girl is pregnant as you got knocked up. No, no, that's
Got a bun in the oven. No, no another one. She made a mistake
Knocked over maybe
All right, so that's
Monday's lesson Wednesday we're coming out with the last part of the job interview series
So for those of you who are applying for jobs in English now, you have the tools part three
We're going to be asking the typical questions. Why should you get this job, man? Why should you get this job?
Why do what did you end this job because I rock I'm the best what what do you answer when you might want to listen to?
This podcast to prove your replies and your answers to to the job interviews question
Yeah, I mean I would I would I would say if you're looking for a job do your research first
Well, no, no, well, okay. That's part one. Can we just say the part three part three is like my typical question
But Matt is on the other side. He's now doing a lot of interviews. That's right
I'm actually conducting interviews. Yeah, what questions do you ask?
Many many questions too many to list here. Do you ask any weird ones? What's your best question?
Yeah question the question you're most proud of apart from what's your name?
That's a brilliant movement so tell me about our company. Ah, that's a good one. Do you have any hobbies?
What color underwear are you wearing today? No
All right, you're gonna scare people with it not gonna want to come hey
You can't you can't you can't we can't edit it's no it's life
Alright so part three of the job interview and then our last one for Friday is at the office calling the office
How to deal with an automated answering service? No, no, no
It's like when you want to call your office and you tell them that you can't go to work or they excuses for being sick
Yeah, something like that, you know all about that you were off. Yeah
I
Was feeling a little bit ill, okay
Well, we're gonna be looking at yeah some words that you can tell your boss or your supervisor telling them that you won't be able
To make it to the office. What level is this lesson elementary elementary? All right, so those are three lessons for next week
They're gonna be pretty good. So be sure to listen to them and and now let's talk about this contest because
Last contest about the picture, right? We had a as you all don't contest about them. What's in your bag?
What's in your bag? Right and we chose actually two people. We chose an honorable mention as well of
What's in your bag? So that was good. We had you don't remember the names of the winners. Do you?
Yes, I do Marco. Okay, so first place win to Gustavo from Brazil
He actually used to listen to English pod before but now he's got a six-month premium free subscription
Thanks to sending in his pictures of the photo. So what did he have?
He had a notebook of Prince Charles
Prince Charles ticked on like the British the Union Jack the flag on the on the note. Yeah, it was brilliant
Yeah, and the second place and then second place went to a user from Russia who had well
Actually, we chose him as honorable mention because his keychain was actually a paper clip that that is rush
Genuinely, yeah, like a paper. My personal favorite was the one who like the picture of what's in your bag was him standing next to
a car in a parking lot
That was beautiful
That's a huge bag. That's a big bag. Yeah, we didn't we didn't really specify the dimensions
So the new contest go to Facebook
We have over five hundred and thirty friends already
So become part of our friends and we're uploading extra content that you can't find on the website Marco
Why haven't you accepted my friend request? We are being very selective. We are not just accepting anyone for English pod
It's only 500 people so far who made it. Yeah, exactly. They want to close everything at 700
Yeah, we're gonna keep it like we're gonna keep it. It's gonna be a special club
So the new contest is actually you're gonna be able to see Leo in a video who gets punched and you have to tell us
Why is by Jason with a like black with a black helmet? Yes, it looks pretty scary
Have you seen the video Matt? Yes, I have I was part of the filming. What's your now you were
Holding the lights for you. I don't know you remember
No, I don't remember so send us your creative
Dialogue of what you think happens in this video and why Leo is being punched out. I don't think it would be the first time, right?
No, no, really. I don't think there's only one possible
Solution. No. No, there are many with solutions because I mean
Let me know there hasn't learned to look at no women's wedding things to see if there's a ring there or not
And I'm sure there's a lot of angry husbands out there who are chasing him down
Yeah, like Matt the other day where he were having a beer with his wife with his wife
You know these Australians are pretty rude like you didn't come and talk to me like why are you doing no directly to the face
Back but now they're best friends forever punch first talk later
That's a that's a good philosophy. All right
I would like to leave one last little treasure for the users try and translate this into standard British English as a gown mat
All right. Good. Can you do it again? How's a gown, man?
Thank you very much for joining us Matt and those are leaves and it was a pleasure
It was a pleasure and I'll see you later. All right. We'll see everyone later. Bye
You
