Kia ora kababish shou shi ku wa.
Quiet on the set.
Quiet, please.
First positions, please.
Rolling, action.
Hello everyone and welcome back to Director's Cut.
I am joined here with Bill.
Hello everyone.
And Scarlett.
Hi.
Alright, so today we're going to talk about the phenomenon
or like the great new film coming out.
Or well, it's in theaters already.
Yeah, it's already out.
2012.
It's huge.
So it's the date 2012.
That's the name of the film. 2012.
It's larger than life.
2012.
Alright, so we actually haven't seen this one
because it's actually still in the movie theaters.
But Scarlett has, so she's going to drop some insight on this.
I'm the only one that's seen it.
Yeah.
So this is just going to be you talking about it.
So we know that it's this whole apocalypse about the year 2012.
Right.
December 21st.
21st in particular.
So there are a lot of websites out there that talk about this
and how apparently the Mayan calendar ends on this date, right?
Yeah, but Bill was saying that actually it doesn't.
Well, maybe calendar ends.
Well, that's up to interpretation.
I think most mainstream Mayan scholars, this is what I read on Wikipedia.
None of them actually, I think all mainstream Mayan scholars
agree that the world is not coming to an end.
But according to the calendar,
there's going to be an alignment of the planet with some stars.
Yeah, but I've heard that too, but I don't think that's true.
I don't think that's what happens.
There is an equinox.
I think it's the winter equinox or something on the 20th of 2012.
Alright, so basically what people say is that the world will come to an end
It's an apocalyptic vision.
Yeah, the world will end on that.
But it's not like Armageddon or something.
We're not going to get hit by a comet or a meteor.
Well, they don't know.
They say maybe that's what the calendar is predicting.
Oh, really?
Is that the world?
Well, that's always been my interpretation.
It's just that the calendar ends on that day.
So maybe anything could happen.
There's another theory that there might be some weird phenomenon
where the earth will kind of tilt.
It's like the polar reversal.
Yeah, something like that.
The poles are going to reverse, so everything's going to go chaotic.
Yeah, so it'll throw the access of the world.
There's numerous theories on how people just sit around and think about
horrible ways that life...
How the world's going to end.
Yeah, the world won.
Alright, so what happens in the film?
Because the film starts out like that.
The Mayans warned us.
This day would come.
I just want to note before we get into the film.
This is something really interesting.
From what I've read, this vision, this apocalyptic idea,
just the idea of apocalypse and the world ending is a very western notion.
And it's actually really based in the Bible and Christianity, sure.
The end of the world revelation, stuff like that.
So when people...
Yeah, so when these ethnologists go into...
What's an ethnologist?
Which ones?
Anthropologists.
When anthropologists go...
I'll not do anything.
Well, it's an... I don't know, whatever.
It's an Ednya.
When they go into and they talk to Mayans about the calendar
and about what will happen on that date,
nobody even has this conception that the world will end.
Well, my theory is also like,
the Mayans were creating this calendar and
they're back a thousand years ago and they're like,
alright, I think this is a round, even nice number, let's just stop here.
Why go further?
It's like right now...
They just got tired. They just didn't want to write anymore.
It's like right now...
Seriously, that's as plausible as the world is ending.
That's much more plausible than the world is ending.
It's like right now somebody printing out calendars for the next 2,000 years
and be like, oh, maybe we should print out more.
Well, whatever Ed is, it's a really complicated number scheme
and it's just the end of this current cycle.
So there's cycles of about 5,000 years.
Right.
And so that's the end of this cycle that they were most active.
But then that doesn't necessarily mean there won't be another cycle after that.
And also the calendar...
You were saying the calendar doesn't actually say anything about...
It just ends. It doesn't say that.
Yeah, it just ends.
Yeah, that's all that happens.
A meteor's going to hit us.
They don't say like, alright, this is it.
Who knows though, we're just trying to comfort ourselves
because we know the world is going to end.
Alright, so how was the movie?
The graphics, I understand, like the visual effects were amazing.
Yeah, they were really good.
Basically, the film starts in 2009 and when they first discover that there's...
Basically, in the film they say that the sun...
Chips of the sun are like burning away the core of our Earth
and so we're melting from the inside.
Something like that. I didn't quite understand.
So it kind of taps into people's latent fears about global warming.
Yeah, definitely.
And then, yeah, the world starts getting warmer and warmer
and sort of like mini-earthquakes in California.
Alright.
Like it is.
And yeah, people are getting more and more...
Because there's also that prediction that California's going to fall off the map, right?
Yeah, America are really screwed in the world.
Well, cause caused by seismic activity might split off into the ocean or something.
So this movie also...
Wait, and so America gets really screwed in the movie.
Yeah, they're the first to go, literally.
But we're okay in China.
I'm really interested in how these, you know, especially movies like this,
these really mass-produced, mass-marketed movies, like,
reflect kind of the current state of people's minds in the world.
You know, especially...
People are like sad and depressed.
Yeah, people are really nervous and people are very, you know,
unsure of what's going to happen in the future.
So, I mean, they market this movie directly to that feeling, you know?
Of course.
I'm sure a lot of people aren't really sure.
You know, we got global warming, you know, global terrorism,
all these terrible problems.
Well, this is...
It motivates people to live their lives to the fullest before the Earth ends.
Right?
Well, now this movie stars John Cusack.
Yes, it does.
Right?
Interesting.
Yeah, it's kind of weird, though,
cause you never really see him as starring in this type of, like,
apocalyptic movie.
Yeah, action movie.
You know, Will Smith, it was cool in Independence Day,
Bruce Willis in Armageddon, John Cusack, it doesn't really fit.
Yeah, he was a bit of a surprise, actually.
Was he good?
Yeah, I thought he was really good,
except the thing that annoyed me was, like, throughout the whole film,
the main family, none of them die.
Really?
You know, they're in this plane and they're flying around,
you've got skyscrapers falling down, you've got trains running into them,
but they managed to survive.
It's just ridiculous.
I wish they would make more movies like that more sad.
Well, I think one of the children should have died or something.
Yeah.
That would be so much more believable.
Such a dark heart you have.
You could make a fan remix film where all the children die.
Well, no, not all of them, that's just a bit dark,
but, like, just one, because it would so happen.
Yeah, sacrifice.
Yeah, one and the dog, right?
Yeah, oh, the dog.
Oh, there is this annoying little dog in there.
Oh, really?
And it does survive, actually.
Wow, sure, it probably wasn't trained properly when it was a puppy.
Oh, no, oh, no, we're not going into this belt, no.
All right, so the sound effects I heard were amazing.
The visual effects were amazing.
The storyline was good because, well, I don't really see how you can have a storyline
about, you know, the world ending or how one man can save the earth, right?
Yeah, that was what I liked about it because, you know, like Armageddon,
it's sort of Bruce Willis.
He's the hero.
It's his responsibility, whereas in this film,
there's no main guy who, you know, all the pressure's on.
John Kuzak's not like the hero.
He's just trying to survive.
Yeah, basically.
Okay.
So that was kind of good.
Cool.
How long was the movie?
Like an hour and a half, two hours?
Two and a half hours.
Wow.
It was quite long.
Long movie.
Yeah.
We would have a clip, but since this is in theaters,
we can't really do it.
And, you know, trailers don't really give you much because half of it is in text,
so we can't really put that forward.
But as soon as we do have a clip, we'll definitely put it.
We'll put the trailer on the website, a link to it,
so you can watch it either on YouTube or another video sharing website.
But yeah, I think the movie was pretty good.
I've heard very good comments about it.
And of course, as Bill mentioned,
all the Mayan anthropologists came out and said,
well, just don't worry.
The world's not going to end.
And the Mayans never predicted it.
And, well, I don't know.
Even if they did, though, would you still believe them?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Yeah.
I mean, there would need to be evidence for, I mean,
Scarlett could tell me the world's going to end.
I probably should listen to Scarlett more than I should Mayans.
Although they did say the world's going to end.
The Mayans supposedly, they did predict that the Spanish were going to arrive
and a couple of other phenomenon.
So there's a lot of...
Anyways, it was a great movie, I think.
And I think we might go watch it in the movie theater this weekend.
Yeah, you should. It's good.
I think, Bill, are you up for that?
IMAX?
Can we watch it with the IMAX?
Are they playing it in IMAX movie theater?
I don't know. I watched it in Hong Kong.
You watched it in Hong Kong?
I did.
Look at you.
Good, Hong Kong.
All right, guys. So that's all the time we have for today.
And if you have any questions, doubts, or comments,
you know to find us at EnglishPod.com.
And we'll see you guys there.
Okay, bye-bye.
Bye.
