Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of this just in I'm joined here with Liliana
Hola, and Katherine hi everyone and we're gonna be bringing you next week's lessons as well
as just talking a little bit about you know different things like
Like life and love and life after love look at you
Just because his girlfriend's coming back tomorrow. Yes
Yeah, Marco has a girlfriend. I know anyways on
Monday we have this kind of scary lesson about going to the butcher. It is really creepy by the way
It is kind of creepy. Okay. I don't want to talk about this really okay
So as everyone might may or may not know Liliana is a vegetarian. I'm not I'm a fake vegetarian
Okay, you're the vegetarian that doesn't eat any meat which means you but eats fish, but wears leather products
Yeah, I don't eat it
But I wear it yeah, so Liliana really can't stand meat or when we eat meat products near her
No, but don't you miss it come on. Oh, that's not true. Come on
I've been to steak houses and I can see like people eat half a cow. It's okay
I just don't need it. Don't you miss it cuz this is like a thing from what maybe six months ago
No, ten months ten months already. Yeah, don't you miss me?
No, nice juicy steak. No
Seriously, not at all. Like you're in Chicago
Okay, that I miss I miss chicharrones and I miss
Like a good dog that I miss you're in Chicago, and you didn't have a hot dog
I was very close to just eat one and it was like an amazing
Huge hot dog, but I couldn't I was seriously I was stronger than you will
Or popcorn chicken or ribs
Ribs no and
What about you were you were home recently wasn't it hard with like family members and like tacos?
Oh, yeah. No, it was the worst because my uncle was like, oh tomorrow
I'm gonna make you an amazing carne asada and that's like, you know a barbecue, right? I was like
What you're not a real Mexican what's wrong with you and you say
This is what kind of bums me out
I like I respect people that are vegetarians and stuff
But it just it can get a little bit difficult or annoying. It's like oh, let's go to this everyone
Let's go to a steakhouse. I'm like, I'm a vegetarian. Damn it. Oh, no, that's not true. Not like sometimes
That's not totally true
It's like last night we couldn't go to like three different restaurants because one of the people staying with me right now is vegetarian
and then when it's the restaurant we couldn't order as a group because she had to have certain things because no fish flakes and
And so it ended up being like an hour before we ordered
Yeah, and then like we had to send back two things the other night because there might have been made meat
But she wasn't sure but it kind of tasted like me. Well, that's the thing when that happens
I never order as a group, you know, like like for example now a lot of people know I am so it's okay
But they don't make the decisions based on me
Like if we go to whatever place I'll just eat whatever's on the menu
Like if I'm very very hungry, of course, I get moody and this and that
Very but I can go to a steakhouse because sometimes they also have like fish and
Pasta or they give you like the veggies and the potatoes and eat that
Yeah, I guess being a vegetarian is a little bit easier than being a vegan like no dairy
Actually in China, I think it's about the same because people rarely eat dairy products
So unless you are an egg eating vegetarian, like there's not really much of a difference, right?
But it's I think it's harder in other places. The States is really great or like London
There are all sorts of options for people who are vegans because there are just tons of vegans around so there's more it's a great restaurant
Yeah, it's I think it would be it would be very easy to do in parts of the States and the state is amazing
I had a hot dog a vegetarian hot dog and it's amazing. Yeah, it's amazing
It tastes I mean the same can't believe it's not meat. Yes. All right on a Tuesday
We're gonna be talking about my favorite movie and we have a special guest for that Kyle from California joined us on that occasion and
We're talking about Top Gun. Oh Top Gun. It's an iconic movie of the 80s
so we're gonna be reviewing that movie talking a little bit about it and the fashion and the stars
Kilmer and Tom. Oh, that was iceberg. No
So that's when that's when it became popular again to to join the Navy to become a an army officer a Navy officer and
On Wednesday we're gonna be looking at an advanced lesson about crime and punishment
This gets a little intense because there's always the debate about crime and punishment right to punish people
So how to punish people how to punish juveniles as well like underage people, right? Yeah, exactly
So you're gonna want a lot of really great upper level vocabulary and also some good terms for debating
Right, so for expressing your opinions and on Friday, we're looking at chicken pox
Oh, no, right. You never had chicken. No
So aren't you afraid wouldn't you just prefer to get it voluntarily? No, you can get it over with no
Because it's it gets more dangerous. I already don't avoid it for all this time. I can't avoid it for another 60 years
No, not with kids not with kids if your kids get it you get it. Yeah
Okay, that's no fun. See this is why I'm saying you should just like get it over with and get it
Does the vaccine only exist for kids now or is it for no? Yeah, it's for adults. Oh wait chicken pox
I got it. Oh, you got chicken. Yes, I did. So what chicken pox is the the itchy little red bumps. Yeah. Yeah
I got it. I got it. All right, so we're all good. So we're all good in the office
Yeah, we're gonna be talking about this about expressing itchiness and if somebody gets chicken pox
So those are the lessons coming out next week and that's pretty much it. All right, so that's all for today
We'll see you guys next time and don't forget to visit us at englishpod.com
And if you have any questions or comments, you can also send us an email at englishpod at Praxis language calm
So we'll see you guys there and bye. Bye. Bye English pod
