Hello, everyone. Welcome to another edition of this just in I am joined here with Catherine. Hello everyone and our special guest today
Mr. John Paz then hey, hey, hey, so John is the what are you John? What do you do here? Exactly?
I'm a host a co-host on Chinese pod and I also do stuff with
Developing the tools on the website. So something doesn't work on the website. You can email John at John Paz then developing
He loves he loves complaints emails. Actually, he loves to just tinker and fix things. I'm a problem-solver. That's right
alright, so John's gonna help us out today with introducing the upcoming lessons and we're also gonna quiz John on
mechanics because one of our lessons coming out is
Going to the car mechanic. I think I remember that lesson. It was good. It was great even it was great
So we were teaching you
Basic vocabulary words related to like cars and what a what the gearbox is or a transmission
So let's start with the quiz from mr. Paz and are you ready? I'm ready. I'm ready. All right, the dipstick is
Chex fluid levels is
found on the steering column is
My trunk or boot if you are British is behind the wheel
Hey
Thanks, you didn't say oh, sorry number one. I think number one correct checks fluid levels
Yes of what oil oil very good. All right one point from mr. Paz name
And don't forget to wipe it off before you check it. Otherwise, you're never gonna know how much oil you have
Made that mistake you did. No
All right
What about if my lights are burnt out?
It is unsafe to drive my car. It may short out and start a fire
Be it is unsafe to drive my car at night. See, I just need to top up the halogen fluid
D. I call my daddy to fix them. I
Think be Andy could be correctly
Be Andy it is unsafe to drive at night. I just need to top up the halogen fluid. No, no, no the oh
Call my daddy
Now be it's unsafe to drive at night. They need to be replaced. Wasn't that one of them?
Yeah, have you ever
Car problem and called your mom or dad have I yeah. No, well, actually this is a crazy fact about me
I have never owned a car really really. I'm a very
American
Wait, so you lived in the States until you were about 25 25
Yes, I didn't have a car in college and then I moved to China. Wow. Why didn't you have a car in college?
Didn't need one
You have a pretty big school so you can just pretty much get it. I had a bike. That was all I needed. Oh
So wait, you don't know your wife has a car my wife has a car and college my girlfriend had a car
Guess that's the way it goes for me. You don't own cars. You just you just go out with people that have them
You're driven around. Do you know how to drive? Of course, you do really? Yeah every 16 year old learns
Are you a good driver? Yeah, I used to be a little crazy in high school, but I calmed down in college now
I'm a safe driver. Maybe that's why they didn't give you a car
Catherine you seem to be like you are a very
Safe driver, but you can drive fast and pretty well. I've got the tickets to prove it
You have an unpaid ticket, right?
Yeah, if I'm gonna pay it in the NYPD is listening. Yeah, Catherine is here be sure to New York State Police, please
Not even see how how fast were you going? Well, I don't know kilometers per hour, but I was going about
82 and a 70 82 miles per hour. That's like a hundred and
70 kilometers per hour that's pretty
But it was a 70 mile per hour zone which means I was going 12 over which is generally not a problem
But it was in this case and now I have a $200 ticket to prove it
$200 all right and one last question
Which one of these is a real part on a car a muffler bearing the flux capacitor
The head gasket or the detonation cap?
Head gasket head gasket. There's no head good nation cap
detonation cap
No, you know the gasket that that is in charge of all the other gaskets
The head gasket pop a gasket pop a gasket. I actually don't know the answer to this one
Oh, it's so D. I don't think it's a detonation cap. What is a detonation cap? No idea
Explosives
Mufflers on the back of your car, but you don't have bearings bearings are the things that allow a wheel to spin, right?
So bearing why would your muffler need to have bearings? I don't think it does
so it doesn't have a bearing a flux capacitor, it's not a time machine, so you don't need that and
Head gasket maybe head gasket. Oh wait what which is the one that your car does have yeah
Oh, I misunderstood the question which one doesn't have yeah
I think this is gonna be left for our users to answer all right, so you failed mr.
Paz and you don't get your license way to go whatever you don't know the answer either
All right on on Friday, we're gonna be looking at a lesson called doing laundry. Oh, I hate doing laundry
I do too
It's a pain it is a pain and we talk about sad
Situations when you put in the red with the whites and turn the water on hot
Oh, I've done that or when you put the sweaters in together in the washing machine and they come out like baby sweaters
I've got a whole set of pink socks really. Do you not wear them? No?
Did you were you doing laundry or did somebody mess it up I
Don't remember I have a lot of pink wife beaters that were gifted to me by my boyfriend after he died them pink
So you wear them of that around the house
Yeah, I yeah, I've had a couple of bad experiences with doing laundry, especially sometimes I put too much detergent
So the clothes come out with like detergent like caked on paste
Yeah, you know when you're like, oh I got an itch and then it's your whole body and you realize oops
The detergent didn't get rinsed out of what what I do love is the fact that I have a dryer
That helps out a lot when you're doing laundry
I'm a big fan of the dryer
But I always forget my stuffs in the dryer and then it gets cold and then I take it out
And it's all wrinkly because I forgot to take it out when it was hot
Yeah, so you really got to be on your on your on top of your game when it comes to dryers
Yeah, forget clothes in the washing machine as well. And then they get moldy
That's not good
You just give it a little extra rinse. It's not the end of the world
It's just the smell that that smell of like humidity. That's what messes it up damp damp. Yeah
Alright and on Monday, we're looking at this lesson called what if so that's where we're gonna be
Looking a little bit more into grammar and we're gonna talk about the first and second conditional not grammar
Grammar, but it's nice because it's like, you know, what if I do this what happens?
It's we put it out in a very simple way. So you don't even really have to
Study the grammar just just kind of these patterns just kind of chill out
Listen and then practice on the website because of course if you don't practice you're probably not gonna remember the things you just heard
About but it's a really great way to to strike up a conversation with someone that you maybe don't know so well
Yeah. Mm-hmm. All right, and so that's all John. Do you have a joke for us?
We always end the segment with a joke or a riddle
Did anyone get the riddle about the the airplane crashing with the boy in the hospital and the parent? Yeah
Yeah, there's a lot of them said that it's the mother some of them didn't understand. They're like, well, why can't the doctor operate if it's his son?
It's like
So I could see how that'd be a problem. Yeah
All right, John. So what real do you have for snap? I got some math jokes. I like
Why did the math book commit suicide?
What are the math book because it couldn't solve the equation cuz I had too many problems
Give me another one
All right, I just remember the joke. All right go you don't have to be smart to appreciate this. All right
What do you call a fish with no eye?
with no eye
I like it. I like it. It works
And but yeah, we posted it for us today posted a couple of jokes
They weren't supposed to be funny, but actually now users are are asking for more jokes
They want to be like a little bit more in tune with humor. I'll have to look some up and bring them next time
Yeah, but they have to be clean or semi clean. We can do clean. Yeah. Well, you think I'm dirt
Are you playing and I only need the funniest jokes are always kind of dirty. That's because you're perv. No, it's not
It's just that it's fun. You know, it's like a typical joke with a priest or the nine or something like that. No, yeah
And also we have on Tuesday our directors cut show
It's a new show where we're gonna be reviewing a recently released films, right?
So this week's is a very very popular one. Well, yeah this week. It's Twilight
Mmm, and Lillian is gonna be here too. Well
Propagandize, yeah, she loves it. You might let me on that show at some point. Well, yeah, you're gonna be on the next one
Maybe but you have to watch the movies that you know, cuz you get bored
Yeah, you start watching a movie and then you don't finish it. Oh, you're one of those people. Yeah, you're a non finisher
My time is valuable, Catherine
Right. He says but he likes to play the Wii all the time
Actually, I haven't been lately. We're actually gonna start it
We're gonna start a movie swapping
Thing here at the office. Yeah, we're gonna bring in our old DVDs and gonna swap with people
So we might we might review old movies as well, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea
Yeah, so right. Yeah, and if you guys have any old DVDs you want to send us we love gifts
We love gifts so you can see no morals
I have some great movie recommendations from my English teaching days for what's easy to understand but good curious George
No, how about Disney great funny and easy to understand. Well cartoons. Okay, but some non cartoons as well cool runnings
That's a great film great movie
Classic and it has a great message 16 candles. Yeah, also good one
Breakfast at Tiffany's. All right
so we're gonna be looking at a lot of different movies and John's gonna join us on that one he's gonna give us his
expert opinion on that and
That's it
Check out the website englishpod.com. Leave us a note. Ask a question. Hope to see you there until next time though
Bye, see you guys
