Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I'm joined here with Scarlett
Hello and Bill now, it's Bill. I'm here. Yeah here, but you were second to say so you're always used to saying you first
Yeah, yeah, I was gonna say why does he always get introduced fast? It's just a random thing. It's not random. It's in order of importance
Age age it's in order of age
Well today it was in popularity. It's popular. Yeah, Scarlett is very popular today. It's true
All right
So they're gonna be helping me introduce next week's lessons and talking a little bit about things coming up
So for example on Monday, we have a lesson about preparing a budget like a household budget
Right because sometimes, you know, we spend too much money, especially with Christmas and all the festivities coming up
Yeah, that's true. We go overboard on the spending online shopping
So, what about you bill? Have you thought of what you want to get for Christmas for your loved ones?
I actually haven't you know as it comes I don't live with my family obviously or you send them a gift anywhere close to them
This is actually the first Christmas that I won't be at home. Oh, wow
So I'm not really sure I imagine I will buy them something off of off of the Internet off of
Their home. Yeah, maybe not tell about probably Amazon. Yeah, I did Amazon last year for all my gifts
I really can I hate going to the mall as it is can imagine during the holidays
I would how would a person like that react? It's terrible filled with people
Normal person I guess no no person like me would react. All right, so that's going on on Monday on Tuesday
We have a director's cut and we're gonna be talking about this movie Ice Age 3
Right. So Bill have you seen this movie? I I have not seen this movie yet
But you know what Marco the next movie I see Ice Age 3 not gonna be Ice Age 3
No, I'm never watching Ice Age 3 why well, I just say I
Don't think I'd enjoy it. All right. Have you seen Ice Age 1 and 2?
I've seen Ice Age 1 but I don't remember most of it Ice Age 3 you can watch with like 3d goggles or glasses or whatever
Oh, this is the one that just came out recently
Right just this year or something. Exactly. Oh, that's why we're talking about no
All right, so it was a pretty good movie I thought it was really funny and
They introduced a new character. So that was pretty cool. What's what's the new character? It was some sort of
Weasel or something
No, that's a sloth and
The actor I think is like British or Australia or something because he's like a crazy weasel
What about the the crackhead the crackhead squirrel this that's a squirrel says anything. Oh and the squirrel is played by John Leguizamo
No, that's the sloth. Oh and actually the squirrel finds a a pair a mate
So he doesn't care about it as a corn anymore as a
What yeah what it is
So that's what happens on Tuesday on Wednesday, we're going to the nail salon to get a manicure. Ooh
This is something I know absolutely nothing about, you know, I don't know anything about manicures I've never
I've never gotten a manicure
I was almost about to get a manicure once cuz I was at the place with my girlfriend here and in Shanghai and it's quite
Cheap, right and I was totally prepared to do it. But the nail polish and everything
Oh, you know what? I did get a manicure, but I didn't get the nail polish
They like cleaned off my nails and file got rid of all the dead skin and stuff around it
And then I actually went hiking
Like a day like the next week or something and because there's no dead skin
There wasn't any like protection on there
so like all of like
Underneath my fingernails like the skin around my fingernails like started to bleed and like
So it's actually really bad for my fingers to get a manicure. Well, I don't think you're supposed to go
So you need to like there's a time period where you can't do anything with your hands pretty much
I think yeah, I think they're meant to be the manicure what it does. It makes your hands look nicer
I don't think it's they make them stronger. No, yeah
Of course not but I'm saying it in this case it made my hands weaker
well, it's a yeah, it is a very popular manicure and
Pedicures, right now the feet thing. I don't know if I could get a pedicure. Have you gotten a manicure?
I've never gotten a manicure. I should probably though to see what they say about my nails
If they're a good state
Now but that's I don't know. I think it's more of a female thing. It is and yeah
Metro Metro sexual Metro sexual
Yeah, but I like for example
Have you ever gotten a facial or like put on a face mask type thing, you know for the dirt and pores
My girlfriend has put them on my
On your face not the whole thing
But the the thing that just goes over your nose
That thing that pulls out the I actually kind of like that because you can look at under the Sun and you can see all
The stuff that was in your nose
But you never had like an avocado mask or something. No, I've never unfortunately. What about you Scarlett?
I haven't actually had like a problem. No, I don't never had facials really. I think facials according to what I've heard they hurt
Mmm, and they leave your face red and sensitive. Why did they hurt? I
Don't know stripping. It's just the same thing as the manicure thing
It's like it's stripping your body of like things that like you need like, you know, I mean
We didn't evolve with facial masks
It's just like shampoo
Are you serious what so you just go for a shower and you just wet your hair and that's it yeah
I swear to God my hair is my hair is very very healthy
Yes, you meant you're not meant to you shampoo because it strips your hair of the protective coat
I don't know my head itches after a day or two of not shampooing
My chin is pretty hairy right now
I've just decided to stop shaving as a protest against
global warming
I
Just I lost my razor and I
Do you shampoo your beard I do not I use a
face soap
I'm not really interested in having my my beard healthy, you know, it's okay. Well then okay
I'm all braided or anything
Anyways on Friday, we have a very interesting lesson about
New Year's resolutions, right?
So this is very common in North America where people make a New Year's resolution where they promise to
Begin the new year in a better way or to do something lose weight stop smoking
Save money probably another spend more time with the family more time with the family three exercise
Obviously and apparently that's what happens in December and January gym membership
Skyrocket, like everyone joins because people are putting on weight. It's around the holidays
So you've got a lot more parties and a lot of traditional holiday foods are quite fattening
Exactly. You got to give you lots of drinking and there's lots of drinking as well if you're an alcoholic
Wait, there's like supposedly only beer makes you fat
Right, you get a beer belly, but wine wine as well. It's just sugar. Alcohol is a sugar. Well, it's fermented sugar
That's right. Right. So I mean that has the same effect. It's just like but it's natural sugars
Well, it can be it can I mean, I don't know it's been processed a lot. So but what about like whiskey?
Well, how much whiskey can you really drink? You know a bottle?
But don't you just add coke with it and that's just no that's a sin you cannot add coke
Yeah, whiskey shouldn't really add anything whiskey not even ice a little water was not even ice. I'm I
Just you know, I like my whiskey straight. Yeah from the bottle. I don't even use a glass
Just give him a straw me my beard unmanicured fingers drinking whiskey in the wind
Alone yeah, it's got to be really cold out
Alright, so those are the lessons and shows coming out next week. They'll be really fun and interesting and well week good week for lessons
I think yeah, and well, we just had Thanksgiving. So that's great. Yeah
Hope you had a good Thanksgiving if you do celebrate it and well now Christmas is coming up
So we'll start making those Christmas plans who spending time with the family
You know calling Santa Claus or sending him an email. Yeah sending me my father Christmas in the UK
Say yeah, I think Santa Claus was just made up by the Coca-Cola Company at some point. Yeah. No. Yeah the red suit everything
Do you want to do this again Scarlett? She already lost
You were right the Eastern and Western hemisphere here's some geography for you listeners out there
Which stuff me and Scarlett had a bet going yesterday. She said there was no such thing as the Eastern Western Hemisphere
And we looked it up and
She was she was incorrect been both me and market were correct because because where it is divided is along the primeridia
Or we're Greta to meet him nice, but you said Greenwich
That's a half reduction. Well that in Spanish. It's maybe has a W
I think it does have a W. It's just it's just silent. Oh, see it does have a W
So I was correctly well sort of why would you have a double you're not gonna pronounce it?
Yeah, it's just a waste think of all the way think of all the ink that's been wasted on that W
Nobody even says or how that W feels when people just you know
Skip over skip over it not pronounce it. We should have another lesson about this about silent letters
All right, guys, that's all the time we have for today
So if you have any questions or comments, please visit our website englishpod.com and we'll see you guys there
