Ciao podcast people of English pod. My name is Marco the other Marco the real Marco from Italian pod
But do not despair
I'm not here to try and steal the show from your favorite Marco the other Marco Marco zero
Because the problem is that at this moment right now
Leo from Spanish pod and Marco from English pod left the country because they were suspected of some they have some problem with justice
And they are now in Cambodia, but we managed to find like a telephone connection
They're there under the mines and they are going to speak with us in a moment guys. Can you hear me?
So how are you doing?
Well in the middle of this ruins, it is amazing. It is really cool. So you are in Cambodia
You managed to run away from the police
Yeah, they didn't catch us, but we're coming back soon. So everything got ordered and
We're not going to jail anymore. Yeah, Marco, where can we deposit the million dollars we stole?
Just make a money transfer to my bank account in the Cayman Islands, right? Yeah, no problem guys
By the way, so you want to say something to the users Marco Marco this this week the users have been looking for you
I didn't know what to tell them. Yeah, I know I will we're on this trip
But we'll be back soon and to all our users. Hello from Cambodia
Don't despair I'll be back soon. So don't worry about it
I'll bring back some pictures and we'll have some good stories to tell so do you know the lessons for next week? Yeah, we do
You do? Yeah. All right. So next week. We have some really great lessons. That's a professional even though we're on vacation
We still have to keep our listeners happy
Even if you're on the run you still managed to do your job. Well, of course, but I wanna plow zone
All right, so we have this lesson about pizza and you are on it, right? You are giving us your professional
Yes, the zip by you mean
So we're gonna be teaching you some vocabulary related to the ingredients in pizza and how you can order pizza
They had great pizza here in Cambodia. Anyway, yeah
These are pizzas from Cambodia, you know
It's originally from Cambodia and then it was taken over to Italy. Yeah, I think Marco Polo
Marco Paul is responsible for everything. So what are the other lessons? All right, our next lesson for next week is head chef
So it's all about food next week about food. We have a lesson that's about cooking
So it's really important to know some vocabulary and some phrases that you would use when you're cooking
Yeah, that's good. And even when you go to a restaurant you have to order food, right?
So you better know what you're ordering exactly and in this lesson, we're gonna have a French chef
All right. Let's just remember that the chef Tabasco here Leo is also a chef Tabasco
And so and also check out his cooking shorts Spanish Paul, yeah cooking with Tabasco, it's really really good
No, by the way, you are really good
All right, and our last lesson for next week part five
I'm sorry. I love you spicy. Love spicy. Love. Yeah, it's really good
What's happening in part five? So in part five?
The couple is going to the doctor because no because in part four remember she said that
She's pregnant. So they're going to the doctor to know if she is or not. What happens if
Well, you have to listen to the lesson and see what happens more suspense here at English pot
So basically that's about it. Oh, wait, what is that?
Hello, hello Leo
Marco Marco zero Leo
seems like we have some connection problems and
Our friends probably are now in troubles. Anyway, this is all for now for English pot calm
And just go to the website and do whatever you usually do there
remember English pod dot-com calm be sure to comment on the website and to see
To check out the new lessons and see if Marco comes back alive and in one piece. We don't really care. Okay, ciao
