Hello everyone, welcome to this just in and happy Halloween
Boo
Yeah, that's really scary boo. All right, so I'm here with Liliana. Oh, yeah, Catherine. Oh, yeah
Nice your Spanish is getting a lot better. Thank you
All right, and today is Halloween. Well, yeah the 31st of October
So I don't know if everyone not many people celebrate around the world, right?
Well, they might have all Hallows Eve all Hallows Eve feast of all saints, which is in November really
So it's a spooky day. It's like the day to remember the dead either the 31st in Latin America is like the 1st or 2nd of November
So and it's it's actually kind of a religious thing, right? It goes back to places. Yeah. All right, so happy Halloween in any case
What else are you gonna go trick-or-treating?
No, no, we are dressing up though. Yes, we are Anna. What are you dressing up as? I'm not gonna say come on
Tell us that's a prize. Are you gonna post pictures on the
I'm gonna be princess. Yeah, I thought you were gonna be like Darth Vader why cuz or Chewbacca Chewbacca. Oh
I cannot do the Chewbacca
They'll did it. They're scary. Yeah, Leo. He's really good
All right, do you do you have a do you have a costume picked out Catherine? Yeah, I will figure it out
You know, we were saying that you should be a vampire. Oh, you should totally be a vampire
Yeah, really be I have like the perfect dress for that or you know, what the the you can be because you have long black hair
Yes, I do. What's the girl from Elvira?
No, no, that would be cool. But that's too old-fashioned even more old-fashioned. Maybe the girl from the Addams family
Wednesday I've been one or say I've also been cousin it because in it
But you just have to pin all of my hair like a front ways so you can't see my face
Oh, but that's you know, you cannot drink and like no
Sexy really no. Well, why does Halloween have to be like sexy costume? No, they don't have to be you're right
But I'm just saying like I could totally see her like as a vampire as a sexy vampire
Mm-hmm. I could be suki stack house. I get a blonde wig. No
True
Hi, I'm Suki stack house. Oh, he's a vampire
That's from the show true blood. It's actually a very good show except for the fact that it's yeah
She's not a very good actor
Terrible
Vampire veil a heater. It's a southern accent right? Yeah the twang Bon Tom's Louisiana
All right. And what about me? Do you know what I'm gonna be?
Um
Yes
What bow on what's a bow on it's a god. It's a security guard. It's like a rent a cop. Yeah, it's not a rent a cop
It's feeling offended. He's already identifying as the bow on it's like really yeah, it's like here in China
They're they're all they're all over the place, right? It's like public security, right? No, it's not. It's like guards bow
protection on peace so the cup protection protector of the peace of
The peace keeper of the peace. That's gonna be you. Yeah, I have the whole set
I even have like a badge and everything and an ID number on my like no way. Yeah, seriously
It's gonna be so much fun. It's gonna be awesome. We're gonna go like to a Halloween party
We're gonna dress up. Yes, and we'll take pictures and maybe maybe let you guys see it and maybe not. All right, so anyways
Next week we have some great lessons coming up on Monday. It's all Saints Day. So we're gonna talk about that
Mmm, so we're gonna talk about a little bit about death and burying people and passing away
But it's a natural thing of life happy very happy stuff. Well, it is in some countries
It's like it's not really sad. Well, it's not it's part of life. Everybody's gonna die in Mexico
They have this huge celebration. Right? Oh, yeah, you have parties and people get drunk and yeah
It's kind of creepy though praise when they paint their faces as like skulls. Mm-hmm can get pretty creepy. Yeah
Alright, so that's on Monday on Tuesday. We have directors cut and we're gonna be talking about friends. Yay. I love friends. Yeah
Okay, Catherine doesn't like them
Show that that's as far as she'll go
Alright, so friends be sure to listen to that one on Wednesday. We're gonna be getting flowers
I like I just got flowers you did from who Derek when I came home
Happy to see me coming or kids or kids. That's so nice. Are there still a life ready?
Wow, they're white pinkish white. Wow
We're gonna be getting flowers for a special occasion like this or kids tulips roses. Well, he's not trying to say he cheated on me
If that's right, that's what the dialogue is about. I was out of the country. It's different
All right, actually, um Ecuador is like one of the one of the top
Exporters of roses for some reason I read that it's because you guys have a high altitude growing areas
Yeah, as roses need a lot of sunshine, but they can't but it can't be super humid, right?
Yeah, we have like 12 hours of sunlight and it's pretty nice weather at like 2,800 meters above sea level
I don't know every time you talk about a quarter. I'm like
No, it's like such nice weather. Yeah, I've beautiful weather seriously. I'd never
Yeah
It's like here now. I gotta have winter clothes and summer clothes over there. I just had clothes, you know
Anyways, I'm Friday. We have a heated topic about health insurance. Oh, yeah, and I stuck it to ya
Yeah, no, we're actually on the same side
Yeah about HMOs and about how the United States doesn't pull together and like really make a decision about having you know
Like universal health care or a government health program. It's gonna take time. It's just it's hard
I think it's really difficult issue that they're but they're they're gonna do it. I mean, no, they're not
Come on. You seriously think they don't know come on
I think there's too much money in in the health care industry for people to let go of it
Yeah, but there's gonna be other way. I don't know they please it suppresses me. Yeah, that's why don't tell me it's not gonna happen
It has to have yes, we can what about in Mexico. Do you have like a universal health care system? Yeah, we do. Is it good?
Yeah
Well, if you have money and you can afford going to private places you do, but if not you go and they're still good
I mean, it's not like so what's the one in Canada?
Well, why would you go to a private one instead of a public one?
Because usually we have we're more comfortable going to like the private if you have the money obviously if you don't you just go
To one of those and it's okay. Really people don't die or anything. No, it's it's okay
The thing is that there's too many people that need it for free. So even if you go there
They might not treat you right away. So that's why sometimes you have to pay private so you get like fast service and everything faster service
Yeah, that's that's a lot of one of the main issues about universal health care
Sometimes is that since it's free and it's universal so many people are have access to it that it's sometimes
Overwhelming for the staff or for the establishment. I'll tell you in America right now in the private system
You still have to wait like the emergency room
I have to wait four and a half hours to get treated because there is a line and they they you know
they have to do it by priority whoever is injured the most and
They didn't think my injury wasn't as important even though I was bleeding and you know
There was a little boy with a stomach ache or whatever. So
You end up waiting for this stuff. You have to make doctors appointments three months in advance. It's not like really. Yeah
Unless I call in advance
Yeah, it's insane when I when I I was in Ecuador when I got appendicitis and I got treated immediately
Yeah, I was actually pretty impressed because I thought it was gonna be like, you know, because I went to the military hospital
That's military hospitals are and it was really really good. Yeah, they're top-notch
So hopefully we will have universal health care. Do you have health insurance here in China? Yes, I do. Do you Catherine?
Yes, I do. I do not I can't believe yeah, I know I gotta get I just saw a girl get hit by a car this morning
Come on, man. Yeah knock on wood. All right
So that's the lessons for the next week and that's about it. Do you have any news? Well, you know, I just thought you bought a we
Surround system a big-ass TV a big-ass right a big
TV and you don't have health insurance. Well, seriously, I do kind of but I don't know how my coverage is over here
No, no, I do I do but like from what I understand if something happens to me
I have to like send the invoices to Agora and it's kind of like a mess. So it would just be easy to get one here
Oh, well, I have to do that, too
I pay up front and that I get reimbursed for me that I spend but your health insurance is based in here or
Worldwide mine. Okay. Well mine's worldwide, but it's a US company
So anywhere I go in the world, they'll cover me and if it's a really serious issue and I'm in somewhere rural
They'll fly me out. Yeah, me too
Because now even if you want to go into European countries, you have to have travelers insurance or something like this, right?
Yeah, because they they most countries like France, for example have universal coverage
Right and free coverage and so they don't want to pay for Americans who get injured because Americans don't have insurance when they go travel
there
So I'll just go to France and on purpose break my arm so they can treat me. Yeah, okay
Yeah, that'll work. All right. So that's all the time we have for today. We'll see you guys next time and
Come to English pot.com
English pot.com
