Hello everyone welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and today
I'm joined with Leo hello, and of course the beautiful and talented voice
Sarah
You probably heard Sarah in a lot of our dialogues, so welcome Sarah to English pod
Alright, so today. We're gonna be talking about a lot of different things first of all we have some lessons coming up next week
What are these lessons about all right? We have one that's called can you do me a favor?
Can you do me a favor? Yeah?
So Sarah I know that in British English you wouldn't really say can you do me a favor right?
No, we usually would say may you do me a favor, or would you do me a favor because can you means more as in?
Are you physically able to okay may or word is more?
You want the help you need them to do something for you, and you know you want the suede
Maybe that's why she was kind of moody when you asked her
Exactly she didn't want to record with us today
All right, so can you do me a favor?
We'll be talking about that and we'll also touch these differences between British English and American English because it is a common American
phrase
Also, we have our movie trailer lesson coming up
Exactly we have a yeah, we have a movie trailer
You know those previews that they put before the movie starts yeah, and we've created one here at English pot in original English pot production
Yeah, so it's gonna be really interesting
And we're gonna give you some great vocabulary and the typical words that you would listen to in one of these movie trailers
Yeah, the movie trailer guy voice Don LaFontaine
Yeah, it's a guy
He's a movie trailer guy yeah, but sadly he actually died last year
Yeah, but so who's doing it now? I don't know
There's no more trailers
There's a job opening there if everyone has this type of movie trailer voice
All right, and our last lesson for Friday. I need more time. I
always
Exactly well you're pretty busy with all the PR stuff and and sending emails to our users
Guess a very cultural thing. Yeah, why like Latinos were never busy
Yeah
Tomorrow anything that can be done today. We could do it tomorrow exactly
And that's why when anyone asks us. Hey, are you busy you're like no?
You'd be doing anything you have time to go for a beer
I'll just come early tomorrow
All right
So those are the three lessons that are coming up next week be sure to not miss them because they're really good
And you're gonna learn a lot of great things very useful very useful right now. Let's talk about our promotion our English pod promotion
Marketing guys, what do you have to tell us about that?
Before the end of January, which is very very soon you can buy a one-year
Premium English pod subscription for $69 and get three months
So is this is this promotion gonna be like available next month sir
Basically we have just one day
Okay, so if you guys are listening to this on the 31st of January go ahead and take advantage of the promotion
Now for those of you who have already paid and subscribed to this one-year promotion
Don't worry if your expiration date says within 12 months, right? Yeah, of course like we're gonna take care of it
So it's just be a little patient and we're gonna extend your account as you don't need to worry you will get your 15 months
Yeah, it has to be done manually, right? Yeah, so it takes a little time to get it done, but don't worry
It's gonna come
It's very busy doing it. Yeah Leo's on it. Yeah, he's working on it. Please be patient with the latino
All right, so don't worry if you pay for your 12-month subscription
And it says that your expiration date is in 12 months. Don't worry about it
Leo is on it and he's gonna take care of you
Alright, so don't worry about it guys
Okay, and the last thing for us today the user of the week
The user of the week today comes from Brazil
It's a he his name is Fernando Cortez
Cool
Yeah, he's a user of the week
I think he's from Bahia or from somewhere around that area in Brazil
well, Fernando has been posted a lot of great comments and it seems that he's been listening regularly to our lessons and
He's a really active user in the community as a lot of them are so kudos kudos for Fernando
All right, and also due to popular demand we will have a lesson about Brazil coming up next month
I can't say because it's a surprise, but it is something related to Brazil
Maybe maybe carnival we'll see. All right, so be sure to not miss this lesson about Brazil that we will have next month
What about the new interface? We're having some rumors around exactly Sarah
Why don't you tell us about that in the middle of February? We will have a new website
Interface so English pod will not look the same when you visit it. It's gonna look even better. They'll be
Don't be afraid change is difficult sometimes, but it's for the best it will be
Yes, all right
All right, everyone we're out of time
But be sure to come to our website at English pod calm
And if you're listening to us from iTunes be sure to sign up because you can get a seven-day free trial
Exactly. It's very useful because you get to see what we offer
Exactly for seven days. So enjoy those seven days and
Who knows maybe you'll become one of the pain subscribers who support us and make us feel good
All right, so we'll see you next time. All right. See ya. Bye
English pod
