Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of This Just In, my name is Marco and I'm Erika and we're here today with a new member of the English Pod team
You've probably seen her already on the comments section in the community. Her name is Dany. Hi, everyone. I'm Dany
Alright, so Dany is from China originally. Yes, you're also Canadian, but you're Canadian. Yes
Where did you live in Canada? Vancouver. Vancouver. Alright, so now I have two Canadians with me here in
English Pod. Yeah, we're taking over the world. We're taking over slowly, but steadily. The Canadians rule. I know. So Dany
You're not only a language teacher, right? You're also a language learner
Yeah, actually I see myself more as a learner because I think I'm learning new things every day and especially from
Marco and Erika. Yeah, we learn new things here, too
I guess when we're creating dialogues and new words and I know that you wouldn't even really think about until also
our listeners ask a specific question. Yes, so we also learn from the listeners. Exactly
Yeah, the best part I love about English Pod is that we teach so many like real English words
Yeah, so that it just sounds so native. Alright, so talking about real English words
What are the lessons that we have coming up next week? Well, we have a special one your first lesson, right? Right
Chinese New Year. As you all know in China starting January 26th, it's the celebration of Chinese New Year
So we prepared a special lesson about it with some cultural insight as well as some really useful vocabulary
Yeah, lots of vocabulary about saying you're excited about something right and some vocabulary about Chinese New Year
Exactly and Dany is gonna be there to
Tell us about Chinese New Year some of the customs and some of the things that happened. So it's a really interesting lesson
What else do we have? We got a lesson about buying a car. Buying a car
Yeah, that's a really good lesson as well with a little twist at the end. That's right
You have to listen to it and find out what that is. Exactly
So be sure to listen to buying a new car and what's the last lesson for Friday? My new boyfriend my new boyfriend
All right. So that's a lesson. It's about describing people. It's about describing people, right?
Yeah
So you're gonna find some really good phrases and words in order to describe your new boyfriend your new girlfriend or just a friend
Hey, um and Marco speaking of boyfriends and girlfriends and romance
Dany it's actually the brains behind our English Pod soap opera, right? Oh, I'm sorry. I love you
Yeah, Dany is a romantic one. Yeah here at English Pod, but it's really good
our listeners seem to be enjoying this romantic series that we've created and
We have a lot more surprises coming up. So be sure to follow up on pretty big surprise. Yeah, it's very dramatic
It's really good. All right. What else do we have? We have the user of the week. That's right. This week. It's
Steve stir. Yeah Steve stirs done a great job of helping us answer questions
And correct use our mistakes. So Steve sir. Thanks so much for all your help
Exactly Steve stir is an active member of our community and also a Spanish pod user
So he's doing really well on both pods. So on my behalf muchas gracias Steve stir
And one last thing I want to tell you guys about you know at the end of the month
We're ending beta testing for English Pod, right? Exactly English Pod will officially be out of beta testing
Which means it will be a paid site, right?
And actually we've got a really great promotion going on right now. Don't be exactly you guys can take advantage of this
It's a really really good offer. So you'll get 15 months of English Pod for the price of 12
Yeah, so that's three months for free. Exactly. You'll get three months free all for the price of $69
Yeah, a lot of people have been asking about different ways to make payments, right? Mm-hmm
So obviously we can make payments by credit card, but there are some other payment options available
So users can contact us right exactly if you have any other questions or doubts of ways that you can pay
Just be sure to contact us and we'll point you in the right direction and tell you how you can go about there
Are many other different ways that you could do it. So we're hoping that a lot of you sign up so that Marco and I and
Danny can get paid
Exactly. And we're and we're gonna be coming out with a lot of great content
We're gonna have extra shows and we're gonna have a lot of different things. So the site is gonna get much better
All right, everyone. So we'll see you next week. Be sure to listen to our upcoming lessons
Yeah, and happy Chinese New Year everyone
All right, so take care and we'll see you later
EnglishPod.com
