I can't be so sick of that.
Quiet on the set!
Quiet, please!
First position, please!
Rolling, action!
Hello everyone and welcome to another edition of Director's Cut.
My name is Marco.
My name is Catherine.
And today we have a very special edition of Director's Cut, as you know.
Yesterday was the Oscars, or well, two days ago, I think.
Sunday.
Sunday night, it's always the march?
March, yeah, I think so.
The 82nd annual Academy Awards was held.
And so we're going to talk about that today.
We have the results of all the prizes that were handed out.
Best picture, best actress, best supporting actor, etc.
So we're going to talk about that.
Yeah, also known as the Oscars.
The Oscars.
To avoid confusion, the Academy Awards and the Oscars are the same thing.
The Oscars is a nickname, of course.
And the Academy is the Academy of Motion Pictures and Sciences.
So this is a group of people that decides all about film and awarding certain people
for extraordinary achievements in film every year.
That's right.
So before we get into the big winners, why don't we start off with some of the things
that we may not know too much about.
For example, we have best cinematography.
What is the cinematography of a movie?
Okay, cinematography is very important.
The cinematographer, the person who does this,
is basically the person who sits behind the camera
and who says this is where the camera will go.
So movies with beautiful cinematography are beautifully shot.
That means that each frame is like a painting.
And it's very technical.
You have to know all about math and angles and light.
You basically choose what the camera will see.
Interesting.
So best cinematography went to Avatar.
Yeah, this was actually a surprise for many people.
Really?
Yeah, because people thought, well, Avatar would do very well in art direction
and editing and things like that, technical things.
But cinematography is generally something that's given to very beautiful,
luscious historical pieces or beautiful pieces that have shots at the outdoors.
One example that comes to mind is the English Patient,
which is a movie about war in Africa and, I think, World War II.
And this has these gorgeous shots of planes crashing in the desert.
And that, to me, is really great cinematography.
So to have a movie that's almost all in...
CGI.
Yeah, in front of a green screen, you know, it's not shot outside.
It was really interesting as a choice.
I guess also it makes it harder, in a sense, because you have no scenes.
So you have to imagine what's going to be there.
Yeah.
So I guess there is a lot of effort that went into it and a lot of...
It was very well done.
Absolutely, yeah.
And well, speaking of which, you talked about art direction
and actually Avatar took also another award for Best Art Direction.
What does that mean exactly to art direction?
Well, art direction is basically...
The art director is in charge of the artistic decisions about color and sets
and all these kind of different things that go into the ambiance,
the feelings that a movie gives you.
And movies that have really great art direction
tend to have really great colors and combinations of things.
You know, these people have to work with the costume people.
They have to work with the sound people.
Art direction is all about controlling the artistry of a film.
Wow, that's really great.
And well, Avatar took that one as well.
Now, moving on, there's this interesting one called Best Original Score.
So you wouldn't really understand what that means.
What is a score?
A score is a piece of music.
But we generally say a score is all of the parts of a piece of music.
So what the piano plays, what the guitar plays, what the cello plays.
So in an orchestra, the director looks at the score.
The musicians look at their parts.
So Best Original Score is best overall piece of music.
It's got music for instruments of all kinds,
and it's got different singers' parts,
and so the score is the whole piece of music together.
Okay, and so the Best Original Score,
which means that it was written specifically for the film.
That's right, not taken from another thing.
Exactly. What went to Up?
Up.
Yeah, the animated film.
Oh, Up was so cute.
Yeah, actually it was a very good choice
because the music really gave you a really good idea of what was happening
and it really got you into the movie.
I really like this film, Up.
All right, so Best Original Score went to Up.
Moving on to something else that's really interesting is screenplay.
So we have Best Adapted Screenplay.
What is a screenplay?
Well, screenplay is, if you break it down, a play for the screen.
That means it is the words the actors speak.
It's basically the story.
But it's more than a story because it's the settings
and the interactions between the characters.
So basically, if a movie could be a book first, this is the book.
And it's what everyone uses to know what to do.
It's a screenplay.
It's all the things that happen in the movie.
And so actors must memorize their lines from the screenplay.
Directors, they pick a screenplay to make into a movie.
Right. So basically, in this case, it won.
Precious was a movie that won.
And it's because it was based on a novel push by Sapphire.
Of course, it's adapted screenplay because you took the book
and then you adapted it for the movies.
That's right.
So to adapt means to change in order to fit something new.
In this case, a book can't be a movie.
You need to give people lines.
You need to tell the director or the cameraman what to do.
And so a book is adapted.
It's changed to fit a movie.
And that's an adapted screenplay.
Very good.
And so the movie Precious took it.
And now moving on to original screenplay.
That's a screenplay or a book, so to say.
But that was written specifically for the movies, right?
It was never a book. It was never a novel.
It was always a screenplay.
So the person who wrote it was a screenwriter.
Okay. A screenwriter. Very good.
And that one went to the drama The Hurt Locker.
All right.
Well, I'm glad we're starting to talk about The Hurt Locker
because this was a big movie this year.
Okay.
So the original screenplay went to Hurt Locker.
And Best Director also went to Hurt Locker,
which was, oddly enough, a woman for the first time.
It shouldn't be odd.
Well, no. It's the first time, right?
I think excitingly it was a woman, yes.
Catherine Bigelow has made a number of movies.
All kinds of movies.
And I'm really happy that she won because it's the first time a woman has ever won Best Director.
In like 82 years of the Academy Awards, this is the first time a woman has won.
Yeah. There have been other women who were nominated, but they never won.
And I think this is really important.
It's inspiring for young women who are trying to be in the film industry
because still most directors are men.
Right, right, right.
Yeah. I guess if you think about it, like all the names that pop up in your mind,
like Steven Spielberg and James Cameron, they're all guys,
but very few women who are directors out there.
That's right.
And how amazing that her movie is this gritty, intense war movie.
Yeah, very macho.
Or not even macho, but it's generally a macho topic.
Right, exactly. War, exactly.
And I think that this is even more interesting as a situation.
I guess that's part of it.
I guess that's part of the reason why it was so good.
Maybe this whole war theme that's very, as you say, usually very, very related,
very masculine, but it gave it a little bit more of a dramatic touch
and a more inspirational touch that I guess women can do very well in this case.
Well, and I appreciate about this movie that it doesn't say,
hey, war is bad and this is why.
Right, right, right.
It's thoughtful and it's difficult and you have a hard time watching it
because these characters are just, they're living such dangerous lives,
but it's not the same as the typical war movie where it's like...
All shooting and dying.
Yeah.
All right, so that's the best director.
And moving on, before we get to best picture and best actresses,
let's go to best supporting actress and best supporting actor.
All right, so supporting actress and actor, what does that mean?
So basically in movies you have many different characters
and there's an obvious main character, usually a man,
and an obvious main character who's a woman.
But sometimes you have other characters who are very important,
they're not the most important.
So, for example, in Charlie Brown, Charlie Brown is the main character,
but Snoopy is a very important character, so he would be the supporting actor.
But in movies like, for example, in a movie like Inglorious Basterds,
which we've talked about on the show before, there's no obvious main character.
Maybe Brad Pitt would be the main character,
but there are many different actors and actresses who have smaller roles.
They're very important as well.
They're very important.
And one of these people actually won the award for best supporting actor this year.
That's right, and that person is an Austrian man by the name of Christoph Waltz.
Waltz, he's amazing.
If you've ever seen this movie, you know exactly who he is.
He plays a Nazi, and every time he's on the screen,
he's the only thing you can look at.
He's so charismatic.
I think he was the Colonel Hans Landa,
and he was a very unique character in this movie,
very charismatic, but at the same time, he's the villain.
So it makes it even more intriguing because you always expect the villain
to be ugly or mean or to be like the beast, right?
But in this case, he's more of a nice guy, but he's the villain.
It's kind of strange.
He's very nice, but he's also evil, so it's really difficult.
Very good acting on his behalf.
Very good.
And best actress now, best supporting actress,
went also to the movie Precious, this girl named Monique.
Monique.
So Monique has a talk show in America.
She's pretty well known, but not well known as a dramatic actress.
And so I'm really happy she won this.
The role, again, she was kind of a horrible woman in this movie.
Very difficult, very mean, but sad too.
And I'm really glad she won this award because she was wonderful in that movie.
Wow, very good.
So those were best supporting actors and actresses now.
Moving on to the better ones.
Best actor went to Jeff Bridges in the movie Crazy Heart.
That's right.
I actually haven't seen this movie yet.
I haven't seen this movie either.
I bought it and I haven't had time to watch it.
I'm really looking forward to it.
I love Jeff Bridges, the dude.
I can't really remember him from any other movie.
He's famous for a lot of different movies,
but one of his most famous was The Big Lebowski,
where he's this main character who's just this lazy, weird guy who plays bowls.
But, yeah, Jeff Bridges is a wonderful actor
and I'm very happy for him that he won this.
Yeah, very good.
I think it's his first Oscar, right?
I think so, yeah, I'm not sure.
Okay, and moving on to best actress.
This was an interesting surprise,
and I'm actually really happy with the result.
Best actress went to Sandra Bullock for The Blind Side.
I loved this movie.
It's a feel-good movie.
It makes you just happy, you know?
And so few movies do that,
and I've read a lot of negativity on the Internet.
You know, people who, unlike you, are angry that she won.
Yeah, a lot of them.
How could she dare win?
It should have gone to someone else.
Yeah, a lot of people were against it
and I was like, well, I think it's because
they have her in a specific role.
She's always like the kind of the clumsy,
comedian actress who's always in these, you know,
films that are funny and you enjoy them,
but they're not like Oscar-worthy, right?
Mm-hmm.
So, and obviously she also, oddly enough,
she won the Razzie Award,
which went to the All About Steve,
but it was for the main actress
in the worst movie of the year.
So, basically, she won the award
for the worst actress of the year
and she won the award for the best actress of the year
in the same year.
In the same year.
But different movies.
Yeah, different movies.
So, it's very interesting.
I'm really happy for her.
I think she's a great actress
and hopefully this opens up a little bit of,
you know, of options for her to do,
to participate in other roles, you know,
and not only comedies.
She obviously has the talent.
She does, and I would recommend,
if you haven't seen it yet,
go see The Blind Side.
It's a sweet movie.
Take your kids.
It makes you feel good.
All right.
Yeah.
Okay, and moving on now
to the big winner of the night.
I think that in the Academy Awards,
they also announced it at the end, right?
Yes, the very last thing.
The last thing everyone wants to know,
what was the best picture of the year?
And the best picture of the year
went to the Hurt Locker.
Okay, as we've said before,
this is a movie about war in Iraq
directed by Catherine Bigelow,
and I personally think it deserved it.
I really, really enjoyed this movie.
I thought it was important.
I thought it was really deep.
I thought it had a really interesting message,
not something that you hear again and again.
But what about you?
Did you enjoy the movie?
I actually haven't watched it yet.
Now you have to.
I have to watch it because I was rooting for Avatar.
I thought it was definitely going to win.
Yeah.
Because, you know, the huge budget,
the huge buzz around it.
I was very sure that Avatar
was going to take best picture.
Because Titanic won last time.
Because Titanic won last time, James Cameron.
And obviously made so much money
and there was so much buzz around it
that I definitely thought it was going to win.
And also because it would have been
also the first sci-fi film
to ever win the Oscar for best picture.
Really?
I had never thought about that.
Yeah, so that would have been another first
because as I said before,
I think I said it in like last time,
Director Scott, I can't remember.
I said always dramas win best picture, right?
Always.
It's never an action film.
It's never a sci-fi film.
It's always a drama.
Yeah.
So it would have been awesome for a sci-fi film to win it
because it would have broken a little bit the rules.
But in this case,
it broke the rules about men dominating the Oscars
and a woman took it.
And small films.
Actually, what they did this year,
I don't know if you noticed this,
instead of having five nominees for best picture,
they had ten.
And some people say,
oh, this is terrible.
We should change this back.
But some people say,
well, listen, this is a great opportunity
for the nominees of best picture to be more diverse.
Mm-hmm.
Smaller films, maybe foreign language films,
maybe more animated films.
Right.
And so if the pool is larger,
if we have ten, not five,
the chances of a smaller film winning are greater.
Yeah.
And that's actually really good for the industry
because it means that people are going to start
investing more money in these smaller films.
Yeah.
We'll have more diverse films.
Yeah, exactly.
And I think it also brings a lot of prestige
and opens a lot of doors if you were a director
or an actress or an actor that participated
in a smaller film that was nominated.
That automatically makes you already,
like, you know, more famous, right?
Mm-hmm.
So Oscar, Academy Award winner.
Nominees.
Or Academy Award nominees, something, something.
It has a nice ring to it, I think.
It does.
So as you said,
it gives more options to these smaller films
and smaller actresses and actors.
So, yeah, it's good.
I think it was a success.
And watch the complete show of the Oscars
because it'll last like two or three hours.
Yeah, it's usually pretty long.
But if you did and you have some opinions
or you don't like the winners,
tell us which ones you don't like
and why our website is englishpod.com.
That's right.
So be sure to leave your comments there.
We really look forward to them.
And we'll see everyone there.
Bye.
Bye.
