Hello everyone welcome to another edition of this just in ciao
Hello, everyone
As always I'm joined by
My fellow colleagues Marco the Mutis from Italian pod ciao. I am Marco one
Marco one also known as Naboo
Noodles get it right man. You're you're in a booth change it all the time. I know I can't keep up with it
He's a Lisa best, okay
And Leo and Leo
Leonardo Guerrero from any Spanish pod
Hello, everyone. All right, and of course my name is Marco zero or also known as Naboo or Elizabeth
And today we are here for another edition of these just
And today we're happy Marco Marco, what's the point of that?
It's Morse code. You know like it says this just in but do you remember like those old World War one or two?
bulletin briefs
Get news it spells it spells this just in in Morse code
Yeah, it's like the beginning is this just in no
Basically no the real fact but it's a bit of a secret is that if you analyze it if you if you do decipher it
You will find a hidden message that it's a secret about Marcos past. Yes
That's true. It really is
So maybe somebody knows Morse art and they can decipher it. So we're here today for what do we do here?
Well, first of all, it's really exciting because today we're doing our first
Directors cut many people wonder how do you record or who are the people behind the voices? Am I being recorded?
You're being recorded by the camera and the camera up there. Yeah, yeah, security cameras. All right
I don't like this. So this is gonna be the first time we're gonna actually upload this
We're gonna upload this just in on to Facebook and that's why well for the first time is not recording naked in the studio
Thank Thank You Leo. Yes, I'm trying my best. I'm wearing the most I can it was a bit uncomfortable last time
So what's happened in it's like what's happened in English part lately
You all know about the the photo contest we would talk to you about
All right, I'm already and the video content now. Yeah, we have the video contest. Yeah, and I'm going well
It's going well people are coming on to the to our web or website or the Facebook profile page. It's called what happened
What happened? Why did Leo get punched out? I don't know
You never do anything I like you when you had like you left a comment on Facebook saying
Oh, there's so many reason that while elk could be could get punched in the face
It's very true, isn't it?
Nice nice guy face. Why would you punch me?
Maybe somebody didn't like us as the users they they came out with a lot of ideas
I mean if I was wearing a crazy hat, maybe you would feel like punching me
So yeah, be sure to come to our Facebook profile page and leave your
Your idea of what do you think happened because the person is actually
Gonna get a one-year premium free subscription. Why yeah premium. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a big. That's a big prize
Yeah, yeah
So all you have to do is just come up with a really creative idea of what do you think happened in the dialogue?
Yeah, just leave it in the comments myself
You can visit our true story too. Yeah
What about what about lessons? All right lessons coming up next week
We have a lesson on research
Research like yeah, where are we researching like specifically, you know, like thesis research and people talking about investigation
We had our user, you know maxim, right? The guy that was transcripts. He he specifically asked for this
Oh, this is one. This one is for maxim. I think yes, I think we owe him. Yeah
so this is research you said about like the
Theses yeah, like a investigation. Yeah, so is he in university or something? No maxim
He works in marketing, but I think he has a master's marketing research or it maybe yeah, that's also research
Yeah, what did you do that? No, no, we did a different type of reason
We should do it for English but because we don't know where our customers are. Why are you?
Yeah, whatever do you have user voice? Yes, we have user voice user voice is still up and
We are getting ideas for the new show that we're gonna come out with now
I know Marco is a little bit sad because our the how-to show where the three of us hosted isn't getting as many
Comments we are I think fifth in the ranking. Yeah out of six
10 ideas, I think
Doesn't like it. I don't know people don't like it. Maybe because they they think it's
DIY or stuff, you know, I find those those programs boring like I find that racist
So, but yeah, we have like in pole position
Number one is the idiom show the idiom show. Yeah, it's laying words or phrasal verbs
It is useful. Yeah, we actually we we are doing that a little bit and on Facebook
We are putting words of the day or the phrase of the day, right? So that's great
All right. Our next lesson is eggs. How do you like your eggs?
Now this is complicated because sometimes in English you don't know how to order your eggs
Yeah, also because there's a strange words to identify those techniques, right? Like I'll have been a dick
Sunnyside up this stuff. Yeah, that's complicated. How do you take your eggs?
what I mean, I
Take them a lucky boy at the Bulls eye as we see how does I is that what the toast knows is with the red thing intact
Not scrambled Oh like sunny side up. Yep, like sunny side any setup
All right, so that's one of the terms you're gonna learn in this lesson. But you know what when I do the eggs, I like to
You know in the in the pen you put the thing on top or your chef you chef Tabasco
Listen to this idea and tell me what you think
Yeah, okay when you're you're cooking them you put like something on top and you add water. So with the steam
You basically also cook it on like on the top on the top. Yeah, and the red becomes solid
But I don't like the the well the yellow to become solid and we're gonna the red those words
How do you say the yellow part the red yellow yellow? It's not yellow. It's not red
What is this shirt this is orange that's all right, we all agree
Had to remove my glasses but
No, it's right. Anyway, anyways, so yeah, remember we had problems
I wanted soft-boiled eggs and they couldn't give him to me cuz I didn't know the language
Cambodia when you ran away
So he was like can I get like what article hard-boiled or soft-boiled soft-boiled
Boiled and she was like boiled eggs. No soft boiled eggs. Oh boiled eggs. I gotta listen to this lesson
All right, and Friday's lesson we have we're talking about underwear
We're talking about women's underwear
And they sometimes they ask us why do you always record with just just men you have
Gulam you had met and you never invite women. Yeah, we'll have
We have special needs
Spicy
So, yeah, we're gonna be talking about bras it's always love in my book
And we're gonna be talking about thongs and all that good stuff. Oh what?
You know thongs bras. Are you like? Can you say that in the mic?
Well, like family is pretty conservative
Like many things Leo, it's not the thing it says that it's bad
It's how you use the word or what you do with the thing that can be better wear it
Yeah, or where you like if you wear if you wore it, I wouldn't wear a song in my head, but you know
You're wearing that hat but you know the guys also use thongs, right? No, well, that's not true. Oh, it's true
Nice. I was doing the research for this dialogue and it turns out they're male thongs. All right
Are they any different I want to know
I want to get some are they any different from women's thongs? Not really no
Well, they're a little bit wider on the front yeah, I guess
support
Anyway, it's gonna be a tricky lesson
And it's kind of embarrassing to talk about it with Erica
But it's useful stuff that you need to know right for some reason mark who knew everything about it
All right, so those are three lessons coming out next week be sure to not miss them and come to our website and you can listen
Anything else
I'd like to say hi to my mom. I've never done it in this English pod. Does she listen in English pod?
maybe
She's still trying to figure out how to open the website. But yeah, she might get to it
Speak English
She took some courses, you know, yeah, I know your parents also manage the English they try the career
So mom, I met Leo's mother
I'm a delicious in your entity. That is pretty very very sweet
So grande saluta to tell a mama we dedicate this episode to all the mothers outside who managed to
click and
Listen to the podcast. Yeah, that's a big effort. Yeah, definitely. All right, so that's all for today. Thanks for listening
One thing I liked can we just point out how I liked that we managed to talk about
Songs for men and at the same time at the end did you get to the mother's we were just like
Maybe we can do it, right?
Yeah, I mean look at that hat. Yeah, you can pull that off
All right guys, that's all for today be sure to go to our website and English product come check out Marco's
Directors cut for this this this just in Marco. Why are you waiting? Why are you waiting?
Why are you doing check this up you can
Only for the people will see the video. Wow. I don't know. Wow. These are special glasses
It's not a ninja glasses made specially like for oh seven James Bond or something for me for you
Anyway, because your middle name is danger
We don't want to bore the people who are not looking at the video
Go and look at the video. Go ahead. Look at it. We really want to know what's going on
Ss on Facebook Wow special special hat to
Yeah, we'll do something crazy and maybe if people like it will do it next time as well, right?
Yeah, and next time Leo will be naked. Yeah, so let us know these freaky
Alright guys, that's all we'll see you next time
