Kia bishoshikua!
Quiet on the set!
Quiet, please!
First position, please!
Rolling, action!
Hello, everyone, and welcome back to another edition of Directors Cut.
My name is Marco.
My name is Katherine, and as you know, this is the show on EnglishPod,
in which we talk about new movies, old movies, and great movies.
That's right.
And on this occasion, we're going to talk about a sci-fi movie,
and it's called District 9.
That's right. So this movie came out sometime last year,
and it was very, very popular.
Unusual, though, because it's a foreign film, in English, about aliens.
Yeah, I guess that doesn't really sound very appealing.
Or maybe it does, depends on who you are.
But it's a South African film,
and the accents actually take some getting used to,
because I personally am not very used to listening to South African accents.
So, speaking English in a South African accent.
That's right.
How does it sound?
South Africa.
Kind of.
A little bit Dutch, a little bit British.
OK.
Yeah, that was very bad. I apologize.
All right.
So it's a movie about aliens,
but it's also a movie about race and apartheid and slums and poverty,
and so what happens to make this all start?
OK, so in the very beginning of the movie,
you see how a huge spaceship stops over the city of Johannesburg, right?
That's right, and so the spaceship contains tons of aliens,
and the human beings don't know what to do with these aliens.
So, instead of letting them go home,
and instead of letting them roam around the earth,
they put them into a camp, or like a closed...
Like a refugee camp.
Right, so it's got boundaries, it's got fences,
and no one can leave, and no one can go in.
And it's a way to, they say, protect people,
but really it's a horrible, poor, dirty camp.
So that's the really interesting part, right?
Because if this really did happen,
I can see how the country or the international community would want it this way.
I don't think people are going to be like,
oh, you know, just let them roam free all over the earth, nothing happens.
No, definitely.
And they're very obviously aliens.
They look different, they sound different,
they have their own language.
And in fact, much of the movie is in the alien language with subtitles.
So that was really interesting.
Yeah.
There's something special, though, about these aliens.
There's a reason why people are interested in them.
Not just because they look funny,
but because they have some special technology.
Right, they have special weapons that humans are trying to unlock,
or they're trying to figure out how they work,
because they're really powerful.
But in order for them to use the weapons,
it uses alien DNA, so only aliens can use them,
because when humans try to use them or something, it doesn't work.
Right, so scientists are trying to discover a way for human beings to use these weapons.
And the beginning of the movie shows us that there is a human being
who was a successful attempt to bring together the alien and the human DNA.
So he can use these weapons, and he has to hide.
So where does he go?
In the slums.
He goes into the slums in this little refugee camp.
And that's how the whole movie starts, and then how the plot begins,
and then that's where you'll see what happens in the end.
But we actually have a clip prepared for you,
so it's the very beginning of the story
when they are narrating what happened in the beginning when the aliens arrived.
So let's listen.
Now, to everyone's surprise, the ship didn't come to a stop
over Manhattan or Washington or Chicago,
but instead coasted to a halt directly over the city of Johannesburg.
The doors didn't open for three months.
It just hovered there. Nobody could get in.
And they eventually decided, after much deliberation,
that the best thing to do would be to physically cut their way in.
We were on the verge of first contact.
The whole world was watching, expecting, I don't know,
music from heaven and bright, shining lights.
There's a lot of moisture in here.
It's just starting.
All of our squad.
The creatures were extremely malnourished.
They were very unhealthy. They seemed to be aimless.
There was a lot of international pressure on us at the time.
The entire world was looking at Johannesburg,
so we had to do the right thing.
The government then established an aid group
that started to ferry the aliens to a temporary camp
that was set up just beneath the ship.
We didn't have a plan.
There was a million of them.
So what was a temporary holding zone soon became fenced, became militarised.
And before we knew it, it was a slum.
Well, the truth is nobody really knew what this place was.
It's a lot of secrets in District 9.
So that's pretty much how it started.
It is interesting, though, it is nice to see a movie that,
you know, the disaster or the main city where everything happens
is not New York, is not Los Angeles, you know,
it's not like a major US city.
That's right. And it's interesting to also have a science fiction movie
placed in some place that we don't really see that often in movies.
And I think this one is particularly important as a movie
because the topic is very much related to South African history.
It's all about, you know, separating people, apartheid.
And, you know, it's not a coincidence that this movie is made in South Africa.
It's really about, you know, this history of hatred and separation
that exists in that country.
Right. So I guess it's another way of telling the story
without being, you know, having to actually tell the real story
with the actual people that involved in this.
Right. So in that way, it's an allegory.
It's a story about something that's real.
And I think an effective one, it was an interesting movie
and a lot of people went to go see it.
You made a lot of money.
I heard that it's nominated as Best Picture.
Really?
Something like this.
The Oscar nominations are out.
Yeah, I think so.
So interesting.
I've moved a sci-fi film and I've, you know,
especially one that you said with different language, a foreign film.
That's really interesting.
And it's and I think part of the reason that it was nominated
is because it is a human story in many ways about oppression.
And yeah, I think I hope that it does well in the Oscars.
Cool. So you would definitely recommend someone to go out
and buy the DVD and watch this movie.
I would. It's very interesting.
It's a cool story.
And like the graphics are really cool, too, because these aliens,
you know, they they're aliens.
They look really bizarre.
Cool. All right.
All right.
So we recommend that you go out and see this movie, District 9.
It was pretty good.
It's worth watching.
And well, if you guys have any questions, any suggestions
on a movie you want us to talk about or any other doubts,
you can come to our website, EnglishPod.com.
That's all for today. So goodbye, everyone.
