["Quiet on the set. Quiet, please. First position, please. Rolling, action!"
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Director's Cut. My name is Marco, and I'm joined here with Katherine.
Hi, everyone.
And Liliana.
Hello.
And we're going to talk about a new film by Quentin Tarantino, right?
Yes, I love it. Great film.
It's called Inglourious Basterds.
That's right.
So, okay, what is Inglourious? That's like not having glory?
Not having glory, so not really embarrassing,
but that's a way to say that something is not worth bragging about.
Okay, so they don't have glory, they're not well-known.
Right.
And if somebody's a bastard, it means that they're born out of marriage, right?
That means that, yeah, their parents were not married when they were born.
Out of wedlock.
Out of wedlock.
So, in this case, it has nothing to do with being born out of wedlock or anything.
It's actually a fictitious movie that's set in during World War II in France, right?
Occupied France.
Occupied France.
And it stars Brad Pitt, so it was pretty interesting to see him there,
and a couple of other people that I did not know.
Well, I knew Daniel Bruhl.
Okay.
Daniel Bruhl, and what's the name of the...
J.B. Novak, also. He's the one in the office.
The office? Oh, that's right.
What's the name of the guy who's the brilliant Nazi, the Jew killer?
Australian.
He's Australian, right?
And this great Austrian actor.
I cannot remember his name, actually.
I can't either, but he's actually one of the best characters in the whole movie.
Yeah, no, he's brilliant.
The best.
The best.
He speaks fluent French, fluent Italian, fluent German, and fluent English.
Right.
So, and he was one of the main characters in the movie.
He was...
He played the role of a colonel, Colonel Hans, or some...
Hansen, or something like that.
And he was kind of like an investigator, right?
He is like, yeah, he's like a detective,
but his job is to find all of the Jews who were hiding in France and to kill them.
And so he is evil.
Okay.
So, this is what the movie is basically about.
A group of soldiers that are not really your average or normal soldiers, right?
They're like an elite group of people who are causing terror in occupied France
by killing Nazis, but in a very strange way.
But they're also all of them.
They're Jews.
They're Jewish.
And the things they do are very violent.
And their leader is Brad Pitt, who is a southerner,
who says that he has some Indian blood in him.
And so part of that means that when they kill someone, they scalp them.
They cut off the top of their head and take their hair.
Right.
Like the Indians did.
Right.
And this is why during the movie, the Nazis are kind of afraid of this group
because they're so savage and also they attack fearlessly
and they've pretty much win everyone over, right?
And they don't have any objectives during most of their fighting
except to kill Nazis.
Right.
It's not like they're part of a group that's trying to win over a city
or to attack another army.
Right.
Or blow up a bridge.
Their only objective is just to kill Nazis.
Now, it's very fictitious because none of the things that happen
are based on real life events, right?
That's correct.
Although there are some characters who were real people like Hitler and Goebbels
and all these people who were real Nazis.
Right.
But the outcome and it's kind of like an alternate reality
to what really happened during World War II.
But it's very well done.
I think and it's very well written.
I love the dialogues and the intensity and sometimes you're so stressed about.
Like they're gonna know and find out that they're, you know.
It's really good.
I love the film.
It does keep you in suspense.
Yes.
For a while.
It's very violent.
You see a lot of blood and everything.
I mean, it's Quentin Tarantino, right?
So you know what you're gonna get.
But I loved it.
I really liked it.
Well, what I liked the most about the movie
is that it blended many different styles.
And so the actual overall style of the movie was like a bank robbery.
It's like a heist movie where you have a group of very different
kind of strange people who come together.
And it's funny because their leader doesn't really know what he's doing,
but he is brilliant in some ways.
And so they're trying, they have a plan
and this thing that they're supposed to do together.
And it reminds me of these old 1940s, 1950s heist movies in that way.
But then the rest of it, there's some 70s kind of black exploitation
and there's some kind of bizarre references to German expressionism
in these 1930s movies.
And so it's just a really interesting mix of movies.
Yeah.
And also, if many of you have watched previous Quentin Tarantino movies,
his style is very unique.
But in this one, he kind of blended it.
It didn't have that many very rough cuts
or transitions from one scene to another.
And the soundtrack was also not as unique as his previous ones,
although it was very, very good.
The soundtrack in this movie was very cool.
And it was linear.
So if you've seen Pulp Fiction,
you know that the movie doesn't go in a line
from the beginning to the end.
It has these different parts that fit together like a puzzle.
But this movie is much easier to understand because it's a line.
It's a linear story.
So it just starts in the beginning and it ends in the end.
So we have a clip now that we're going to listen
and it's Brad Pitt talking in his southern accent.
So it might be a little bit difficult to understand
because he has a little bit of twain.
But basically, he's explaining to his group of men,
I think he has a couple of new recruits where
what the inglorious bastards do and what is expected of them.
And once we're in enemy territory,
as a bushwhacking guerrilla army,
we're going to be doing one thing and one thing only.
Killing Nazis.
Now, I don't know about you all,
but I sure as hell didn't come down
from the goddamn Smoky Mountains,
cross 5,000 mile of water,
fight my way through half of Sicily,
and jump out of a fucking airplane
to teach the Nazis lessons in humanity.
Nazi ain't got no humanity.
They're the foot soldiers of a Jew-hating mass-murdering maniac,
and they need to be destroyed.
That's why any and every some bitch we find wearing
and that's uniform,
they're going to die.
Now, I'm the direct descendant of the mountain man Jim Bridger.
That means I got a little engine in me.
And our battle plan will be that of an Apache resistance.
We will be cruel to the Germans.
And through our cruelty, they will know who we are.
And they will find the evidence of our cruelty
and the disemboweled, dismembered,
and disfigured bodies of their brothers we leave behind us.
And the German won't be able to help themselves,
but imagine the cruelty their brothers endured at our hands,
and our boot heels,
and the edge of our knives.
And the German will be sickened by us,
and the German will talk about us,
and the German will fear us.
And when the German closes their eyes at night,
and they're tortured by their subconscious
for the evil they have done,
it will be with thoughts of us that they are tortured with.
Sound good?
That's what I like to hear.
But I got a word of warning for all you would-be warriors.
When you join my command, you take on Devitt.
At Devitt, you owe me, personally,
each and every man under my command owes me 100 nachie scalps.
And I want my scalps.
And all y'all will get me 100 nachie scalps,
taken from the heads of 100 dead nachies.
All right, we're back.
So did you understand him fairly easily,
or was it kind of hard?
No, I did.
I love the accent.
You love the southern accent?
Oh, yeah, I love it.
Why?
I don't know.
Just think it has personality.
No, it has personality.
A lot of personality.
It's better than, you know, no accent.
Like an average English?
Yeah, that's boring.
You might get tired of it after a while.
No, I think it's cool.
It makes you laugh.
Yeah, so it was interesting what he was talking about
and explaining.
And the movie was kind of long, right?
It was like two hours and a half, I think.
It was two and a half hours long.
I don't think it feels long, though.
When you're watching it, it's exciting.
There's a lot of things happening.
It's fun to look at.
I mean, it is violent.
I mean, there's some really disgusting parts of the movie
where you see some blood and guts.
But it doesn't feel like a boring or long movie.
I actually saw it in the States while I was there.
And I saw it with my mom and my little brother.
It was funny.
You should hear my mom in the middle of the movie
going like, too much blood, too much blood.
I'm like, mom, I told you, it's Tarantino.
She's like, well, I don't know who that is.
Why didn't you tell me?
The movie is definitely worth watching,
especially the ending.
It's kind of unexpected and very, very interesting.
So we totally recommend it, right?
Absolutely.
Two thumbs up.
All right.
Go see it.
Okay, so that's all the time we have for today.
If you have any questions, comments, or doubts,
you can visit our website, englishpod.com,
and we'll see everyone there.
Bye, everyone.
Bye-bye.
