Introducing this just in English pod news and feature
Special guest today here with us is mr. Peter Waterloo Braden
Weighing 90 kilos
straight from Mexico
the one the only
Chico del barrio
Leonardo
Oh
Thank you. Thank you. All right. Hello everyone. Welcome to another edition of this just in today
we have a battle between a Peter or water Lou Braden and
Leonardo Chico del barrio
So first first Marco Marco Marco, let's introduce
Our special guest today because we all know who Chico del barrio Leo Tabasco
but
Peter
Braden mr. Braden is
Here is figure at the moment. Well, we did have him on a show before. Oh, yes
Well, maybe maybe somebody actually already recognized his voice. Yes. Wait a minute. I think you got the wrong guy. I
Was just eating my lunch in a garbage can down on the street
Three gentlemen grabbed me and took me into the studio. I don't know where I am. They brought me under
Let's go with the with the profile. All right
Peter water Lou Braden was born in Saratoga Papua New Guinea in
1971 the first of 17 children born to the Duke of Yorkshire
Rumor has it that after successive attempts to deny his royal blood. He finally managed to escape on a Somalian pirate ship
after years of pirating he was later known as babyface Jack and
Traveled around the world and after looting the coasts of Fujian decided to stay in China and turn over a new leaf
He is now a scholar in Chinese poetry and a part-time podcaster at Chinesepaw.com
So that is Peter Braden and he's well
Very talented Peter. Well, I call me Pete. Call me. Well, it's it's Peter on your G talk
Yeah, I know but that's because Google is kind of formal and whatever
Google is good. Anyway directly from Chinese pod as we yes, and he's the official
Translator and a slash no. No, he's the official poet poet exactly
He's got the looks
Tell us something we don't know
Thank you
Doofu was the greatest poet of the Tang dynasty
Discuss
Not really up our alley right there, but we do have some great lessons coming up
Which are the first one for Monday is happy hour happy happy hour. You know how much we like a happy hour
I've never gone to a happy hour
Monday what are you talking about? You were singing and dancing and
cubes that people oh that happy
Is it the time when they tell jokes or something? No happy because it's it's cheap beer now in that hour
Nobody can be seen said. Yeah, everybody has to be happy and smiling
No, it's it's happy hour free beer. Well, not free beer, but cheap beer or cheap drinks. I don't drink
Happy hour is where you can have sex with the waitresses at the bar
Bars are you go?
Wasn't supposed to tell you about that
Can I just point out how I love Pete's fifties voice like it ready, you know, like like the the radio
It's all like super fast. Can you do like batteries? I'm included
No, I can't do I was gonna read something super fast, but this turns out to be in Italian
Forget it
All right, so we have happy hour
It'll be cool because we'll be teaching about well these promotions and how you ask for beers and stuff like that at the bar
And then but also known alcoholic drink. Don't worry. Yeah for children's out there. Also the one drink
We don't drink and right. Yes. Yes until you're 18
And then go crazy. No
That's right. No drinking and driving period. Okay, very good
Pete this is the more like
Should have it like as a presence. Yeah, it's like omnipotence Pete just like can you say we want you we want you
All right on Wednesday somebody's getting fired
Yeah, it's something that we don't like
Don't worry, we're all still safe
Natural like reaction just like silence is like is it me
No, no
We're firing someone because they really deserve to and the funny part is that if mark actually decided that one of us was fired
We would have gone like oh, I see. I'm sorry
Remember nobody gets fired in office by right, right, right and it's always happy hour here
Every Friday. All right, and the Friday and Fridays lesson. We have a lesson called which finger
So we're gonna be learning the names of the fingers on your hand beat beat which finger. I still haven't learned those really
I made a point of not learning the right political choice exactly
Logical you are what you don't know
All right, so and actually we're gonna we're gonna be talking about the middle finger, which is this huge
Insult right in some cultures on Italy. I don't know if the middle finger. Yeah, it's one of them. Yeah
So that's another thing because well, I think in a lot of country is do you explain that cultural background behind this?
I don't know if there's any cultural background behind the middle is
They used to cut the fingers of the Persians. Okay, was it?
Okay, maybe the person I heard
No, but I the same thing with the British doing the two finger thing is from like the Battle of Agincourt
I think when they to finger. What do they do? The British go?
The French captured a bunch of British and cut off their fingers so they couldn't draw the bowstring and then by showing this
They're showing they still have the fingers and they're gonna come and get you
And what about the middle finger because I just made the Persian thing up
We know well, it's the same thing as the French, but sometimes they got
All right, don't get Pete angry
I'm getting scared
His mic is not working. Can we tell the story? How if you wanted to ban a user that was eight years old because
He wrote like a random letters in a comment that I have my limits mark
What we know about Pete is that he doesn't like random letters being posted as comments and
High-pitched noises
I will ban you from my forum. Don't take that garbage into my house
And he doesn't like to be randomly filmed as well he will come up to you
Go ahead make my day
All right, so those are three lessons coming up next week and of course it's time now for user of the week
All right, so user of the week is Shumi 620 Wow Shumi like Schumacher like the driver I think so
Yeah, that's why he won. No, no, he's a Mexican. I don't know does he drive
No, I don't know but you know the avatar, but you know the avatar. It's a Calvin and Hobbs
You know the little blonde kid with his pet tiger that's
They talk about philosophy. Yeah, it's really cool. I used to read those so Shumi user of the week been posting some really great comments
I've been asking some great questions. So like like what like what like what kind of car do you drive?
No, no, but do you want up around?
Hey the formula one is next week. Yeah, you're not gonna be here. So
Next week no no in two weeks on the 19th. Wow. Can you just record the audio for me?
And I'll what do you want me with it? I want to listen to the room
You know, you're not a big fan of this actually like this listen. Oh
It's nice. Wow, I am freaking out over here
All right, so yeah, we're gonna be going to that and
We got a fusion jazz over here
All right. So Leo, why don't you tell everyone where you're going next week and why you're not gonna be I'm going to Japan, baby
All right, let's going to Japan
good riddance
Next week you'll probably won't hear Leo, but let's give them the business or leisure
Leisure or both or pleasure pleasure
All right enough, you know, all right, so Leo's gonna be in Japan, so he won't be joining us next week
So if you don't hear him, don't be surprised. Do you want me to bring you some sushi or something? No, bring me
kimono, yeah
Geisha
Geisha
Is it a gay cha
No, like a gay tea, that's almost actual tea that's what
Say geisha
geisha
more or less
All right. So what else do we have we have the quote of the month by Peter Braden. All right
Oh, no, go for it has to be a poetic. It has to be from Oscar Wilde. I think I'm afraid
Quote for the happy hour lesson. All right work is the curse of the drinking classes
Hey
The boy if I once again, are we going to have
We were with Matt the other day and and there was a quote by Benjamin Franklin that said beer is proof that God loves us I
Like that one. Yeah, then Ron Burgundy said I love scotch. Yum. Yum. Yum down in
Down it goes down in my belly or something
It's a lesser-known poet of the early 21st century
We should mention that he is the host of poems with Pete yeah in Chinese homes, right?
Yeah, so go and check that out
Even if you don't know Chinese or you're not interested in the language because they're actually like he speaks in English, right?
And yes, thank you Marco. Yeah
Imagine listening to a poem with that deep nice
Welcome everyone
You make me sound like James Earl Jones
Welcome back to another poems with Pete
Until next time keep reading and I'll catch you on the flip side
I
Know psychological hook
Wow
You should be a disc jockey or something like welcome back everyone was suiting sounds with Pete Braden
All right, so we're off because there's it's happy hour today. It's Friday. So we have to
Try it it is Friday for me because I'm leaving tomorrow. It's always Friday every day is right and it's always happy hour exactly
So we're gonna go catch a few beers. We'll see you guys next time
tequila, baby
Bye gin and tonic
