Hello everyone and welcome to Director's Cut. My name is Marco and I'm here with Liliana.
Hello!
And Katherine.
Hi everyone.
And today we're going to be talking about the second part or the sequel of this Twilight
saga. This movie is called New Moon.
Yay!
Alright, so that's why Liliana is here because you're a big fan of the first Twilight movie,
right?
No, I'm not.
She's a super fan.
I'm not.
I'm not.
The movies.
The photos.
You've read all three books or five books.
Yeah, okay. I'm team Edward.
That's it. That's how big of a fan I am.
Okay. How many books are there? Three?
There's four.
Four?
Yeah.
Okay, so it's New Moon is the second one.
Yes, that's right.
And I mean, it's a big hit. It's mainly with teens, right? But I don't know. I like it.
The story is good.
Why?
The story is not good.
Okay, first of all, you're not entitled to talk about it if you don't like it, okay?
We don't like it.
This is not a democracy. This is a dictatorship and our president is Liliana.
You have to like it if you want to be in this studio.
I mean, for example, the first part when the vampire has shiny skin. How teenager was
that?
Exactly. But that's my point. It's completely different. It's the first time that the
vampire can be in the light and not melt. It's different.
No, I mean, the problem...
Because he's shiny. So what? He's like a diamond.
All right, so New Moon apparently from what I've read in the summary without giving
it away is that the girl after she got attacked by the bad vampires in the first one, she's
recovering and she's together with Edward and the story goes on from there and they
introduce a new creature in this one, right?
Yeah, but not only that, the thing is like she has, you know, all these worries that
she's going to grow up like older, right? Because she's alive. He's dead, right?
He is 17 in about a year.
He's immortal and she's not.
Yeah, he's immortal, but he's like, I don't know, like a hundred and I don't
know how 35 years old or something. So she's thinking like, I'm going to get older
and he's going to stay the same. So she's starting to think like maybe I want to
convert, you know?
Right.
Maybe she wants to become a vampire. So she starts with all these ideas and then
obviously she has a best friend and he is a werewolf.
No, he's a werewolf.
He's also really good looking.
Yes.
Who is this actor?
Maybe a love interest.
His name is Taylor Lautner or something.
Okay, so now there's a love triangle between a vampire and a werewolf.
Yes.
And a human.
And a human. There's also a human. Oh, well, the girl's a girl.
The girl.
So she's like into kinky stuff. Like she's into vampires and werewolves.
I know.
I know. This is for teens.
No.
Actually, that's something that's very interesting about this series.
There's no sex.
Yeah. Well, there is.
There isn't the first one.
I'm not going to tell you, but there is.
Well, a lot of people are saying that the movie is all tease.
You know, it's just a love interest.
But unlike most movies for adults, there's there's none of that.
Yeah.
It's like puppy love.
No, but not only that, remember, this is like a teen.
For teens, right.
So but actually there is.
But it's in the third book because they have to follow the, you know, the
traditional.
But they're probably not going to include it.
Right. Because it's going to be like.
They have to.
It's in the book.
Well, they won't.
I mean, they kind of like.
The movies are based on books.
Not literally.
They don't literally make everything that happens in the book happen in the
movie.
Well, you know, they say that this new moon is it's pretty good because
basically they did all the book.
They really follow it.
And Stephanie Meyers.
Meyers is Meyers.
Yeah.
Stephanie Meyers, which is the author of the the all the saga of Twilight
Saga.
She said that she tried to put pressure in order to follow the book.
And but it's true in the book in that part, you know, the intimate
part, they kind of like skip it a little.
I was pissed off.
Of course.
And I think probably they'll do the same in the movie because it is a
teen movie.
So just remember in Harry Potter when they were like drinking beer, how
scandalous that was.
So imagine how many teenage girls and boys are watching this movie.
And if they have like a sex scene in there, people are going to be.
I think they will do it.
You think they will.
Yeah, because they need a lift up and they know that it's appealing
not only to teens, but only to older, more beautiful women like myself.
But the problem is it also is very appealing to teens, which is this
new demographic that we always hear about in the news.
So you have children and you have teens and between those or between
you have tweens, which are people who are like twelve, eleven,
twelve, thirteen years old.
They're on that kind of cusp, the border of those age groups.
And so I'm curious if they if they're thinking about that
demographic when they're marketing and producing these movies, because
maybe they don't want to alienate them or make their parents angry.
But that's the thing.
It's going to be so difficult because it goes from seriously
from eleven years old all the way to fifty five years old.
Like seriously, there's actually moms that go to like previews
and there's a teen mom Twilight fan.
And it's amazing.
Oh, yeah, it's ridiculous.
It's kind of creepy, huh?
Yeah, it's very creepy.
It's because I mean, it's a cult.
Yeah. Yeah.
These of these young 20 year old stars.
And they already filmed the third one.
Oh, they did already.
Yeah, when they filmed the second one, they already filmed the third one.
So but there's four.
I wonder if they're going to do the Harry Potter thing and make
the fourth one into two movies so they could make even more money.
I'm getting kind of tired of these kids films of like Harry Potter
and Twilight and all like these things.
Pirates of the Caribbean was OK, but yeah.
Yeah, I agree.
It's a little bit silly.
Even Transformers and GI Joe and all these.
Yeah, those were bad.
But these are.
This is different.
I think I like it.
All right.
So New Moon is in theaters now.
We haven't watched it because it hasn't been released in China.
But we definitely read all of the hype.
Yeah, we read the hype and Liliana has read all the books
and we've seen the trailer so it looks pretty good.
Yeah.
So hopefully we will be able to check out this film.
And we recommend that if the DVD is available in your store nearby,
you can get it.
And we hope to hear what you have to say about this movie.
Don't, of course, spoil the ending for us.
We haven't seen it and we don't want to know what happens.
Especially Liliana, don't tell her because she's really angry.
Yes, she will be.
Well, I know what is going to happen.
I read the book.
Yeah.
So let us know what you thought about the movie if you saw it
or let us know why you're not going to watch it if you don't want to.
Our website is EnglishPod.com.
Of course, we're there to answer questions as well.
So if you have any questions about the things we talked about today,
just let us know.
All right, we'll see you guys there.
Bye.
Bye.
