Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of This Just In. I am joined here with Katherine.
Hello everyone.
And today we have a very special guest all the way from the U.S. of A. We have Rachel.
Hello.
So Rachel is Katherine's friend.
Yes, she is. We were friends back in college, back in the day.
Back in, what was this? What city? Boston?
Near Boston, a city called Waltham, Massachusetts, home of a watch factory, and that's about it.
They make watches.
They did, no longer.
They used to.
So it's the former home of a watch factory.
Yeah, that's right.
All right, so Rachel, you're visiting for the first time here in this Asian country, China.
Yeah.
How are you liking it so far?
I'm loving it.
Yeah?
Mm-hmm.
Is weather okay compared to the home?
No, weather is not okay here.
It's very hot, very humid.
Very humid, right?
Yeah, I think you chose a very, very hot season to come in.
I know, I did it to myself.
Is it cold back in the U.S. right now?
No, it's also very hot, but...
This is a lot more.
This is special.
I think it's the humidity that kills us all.
Well, that's my complaint, right?
So a dry heat, you can manage, like this American Southwest.
But a wet heat, you sweat, and the sweat goes nowhere.
It's just like building up everywhere.
And that's what happens when you hang your clothes out to dry.
It just never dries.
So anyways, on a brighter note, we have three new lessons coming out next week.
On Monday, we're going to be buying a TV.
This, I have a theory, this lesson, this dialogue in particular,
it was taken right from Marco's life.
Marco is like an electronics junkie.
He can't get enough of it.
I can't.
Well, I mean, just imagine having a nice,
big flat screen TV in your home to play video games.
You don't have to imagine it.
You have one.
I know.
And actually here in China, it's the great thing.
You have so many different manufacturers,
and it's pretty cheap.
So that's what we're going to be looking at.
And actually, yeah, I got a lot of complaints of why I need a TV that's so big.
But why not?
That's my question.
Why not?
Well, and you do have to be nerdy here for a second, the PS3,
which you can watch Blu-rays on.
If you don't have the nice TV, you can't really take advantage of the PS3.
That's exactly it.
It's like I have this amazing console that you can watch Blu-ray discs
and movies in high definition.
But I had a bad television, so I couldn't really take...
See, so my investment on the PS3 was going to waste
without investing into a TV.
See?
This is the reasoning.
It's all about spin, Marco.
I can see the wheels have been turning.
But yeah, this lesson, we're going to be learning about televisions,
what accessories they come with, and different ports,
because now it's just a whole different language.
SDV3QP.
Yeah, SVG and HDMI.
We're also going to be learning how to describe TVs,
because when you go in to buy one,
it's not always terribly clear what the different specs are.
Right.
So that's on Monday.
On Wednesday, we're going to be cheering somebody up,
because we all hit those depressions,
and we need a good friend to cheer us up.
So we're going to teach you how to do it in English.
It's going to be okay.
Yeah, it'll be all right.
You know what? You'll feel better.
Seriously, just sleep on it.
This is what friends are for, right, Rachel?
Did you ever have to bring Catherine out of the dumps?
Not that I can remember, but she did for me several times.
Oh, really?
See, that's what friends are for.
I like to be a cheerleader.
All right.
Having you, I think I'm sure you were there.
Yeah, definitely had a couple of moments where...
I think it's most...
Some kind words always helped.
Yeah, I think it always comes down to relationships,
I think is like the most common factor,
like boyfriend or the girlfriend broke up or something like that.
And so this is what the lesson is about.
Basically, two girls, they're...
One of them is comforting the other because her boyfriend is kind of being, you know...
A jerk.
A jerk.
All right, so that's on Wednesday.
And on Friday, we're going to be looking at an advanced lesson, talking about gambling.
Ooh, Macau, here we come.
Macau or Las Vegas, Atlanta.
Five-car stud, blackjack.
What kind of gambling is it?
Is it card gambling or is it horse racing or something?
Well, it's actually...
It's a casino and two people are discussing the...
One of them is against a casino opening up in the city
because many cities and many countries around the world,
gambling is legal.
So in this case, they're thinking of making it legal,
so one of them is against it.
So it's almost like a debate.
Yeah, it's one of them is presenting the pros
and the other one's like, well, these are the cons, right?
Of opening a casino.
But I think anything with measure is okay.
I mean, as long as it's not...
Extremism, yeah.
Extremism, you know.
I actually enjoy going to the casino once in a while
and playing the roulette.
Really?
Yeah, the roulette's cool.
Do you ever win?
Yeah, I've won a couple of times.
Like most...
Okay, half the time I've lost.
The other 25% I've come out even
and a quarter of the time I've actually won some money.
So you're kind of breaking even?
Yeah, kind of.
No.
Well...
You're still...
It depends on how big you won, but...
Yeah, well, that's the things.
When you go there, sometimes you see the same people
in the same casino, right?
You see them there.
And that's the crazy thing.
For example, in Vegas, the casinos never close.
So you can go there at 3 a.m., 5 a.m., at noon,
and it's the same amount of people
and you always see the same people there gambling.
Loose check of time.
Is gambling legal in New York?
I don't know.
Do you have casinos?
I don't think so.
Because people go to Atlantic City.
Atlantic City to go gambling.
That's a big pastime, right?
Yeah, it is.
Not for me.
I'm not a fan.
Is Atlantic City, like, how far away is it from New York?
I don't know.
You get in a bus, they take you.
Really?
You get out.
Is it like a six-hour...
Maybe three hours?
Three hours?
Oh, that's not bad.
Two hours?
Yeah.
Not that far away.
Actually, I heard that Donald Trump is buying back
a lot of his casinos in Atlantic City
or something like that.
Well, when the going is rough, the poor people gamble.
Yeah, I think that's true, right?
Scrap that.
That was really insensitive.
Well, okay, it doesn't mean the same.
Well, I mean...
Well, I think that when people are feeling hard
on their luck, they like to go and find luck.
And if that's in casinos,
then Donald Trump's gonna be making a lot of money.
Yeah.
It's actually dangerous, though,
because people that do get addicted...
I saw this movie once about this girl
who got addicted to poker.
And then she was betting her parents' money
maxed out her credit cards
and then was almost thinking of making more money
on the side to pay for her debts.
Dangerous people don't go into gambling.
But on Tuesday, we're gonna be talking about...
Oh, we're gonna be looking at our show.
Directors cut.
Cut.
Cut.
Action.
All right.
So we're gonna be looking at pulp fiction.
Yeah, you've seen that movie?
I have.
I have to confess something.
I have not seen pulp fiction.
So I'm gonna see it.
Marco.
Yeah, I'm very disappointed in you.
I know.
I've actually...
Look, I actually saw...
Last week, I saw The Godfather for the first time.
Love that movie.
Part one.
Okay, so you have...
Part two is the best.
You have to see part two.
I got all three of them or three of them.
I got all three of them.
So I'm gonna watch part two soon.
And I'm gonna watch pulp fiction as well
because I've never seen it.
You know, that scene where they're dancing
and John Travolta's doing the thing with his fingers
and all that stuff, yeah.
So it's really like one of the icons of the 90s.
Right.
Well, and it's a cult classic, we say,
because people who like it love it.
They know all the lines.
They know all the actors.
They know everything that Quentin Tarantino has ever done.
You know, they can dance like Uma Thurman
and they can quote John Travolta.
So it's just a very, very fun movie.
It is a very, like, bloody movie, right?
Oh, yeah, it's gory.
It's a lot of adult content.
Right.
A pulp is a genre of novel or book.
And that's kind of what the story is based on.
It's kind of this idea of, like,
things all happening in different sequences
and little storylines that are very intense and gory or sexy.
And it's just a very fun kind of fun genre.
All right.
So that's what we're going to be talking about on Tuesday.
So an interesting movie, it's considered a classic now, I guess.
A modern classic.
A modern classic among the Tarantino films,
although I understand that a lot of people don't enjoy Tarantino films.
A lot of people think it's too much.
It's like over the top.
Over the top.
And I can understand that, but I'm definitely a fan.
You are.
Any other Tarantino films you like?
Kill Bill was great.
Yeah.
I also liked, was it Grindhouse?
Oh, Grindhouse.
That was very gory.
Yeah, yeah, very gory.
But I think he's just, he's also done a lot of producing.
Yeah.
And so I'm, yeah, I'm a big fan.
Cool.
All right.
So those are lessons coming out next week.
And Rachel, why don't you tell us a little bit about how it is?
Where are you living now?
I live in Brooklyn, New York.
Brooklyn, New York.
So how is it over there?
It's great.
We have a lot of-
I've been there for three years now.
Oh, really?
Do you work there?
I work in Manhattan, or at least I used to.
I recently quit my job.
Really, what were you doing?
I was working as a paralegal for like a public interest law firm.
Okay.
Poverty law.
I was working on issues around food stamps, welfare, Medicaid, and Medicare.
Wow, interesting.
So how long were you working in that?
I was there for three years.
Oh, wow.
And is it, I imagine it's very complicated.
In Brooklyn, around the area of New York, there's a lot of poverty, right?
There's a lot of poverty.
It's a huge bureaucracy was really-
Really?
Yeah.
See, that's the thing many people consider that in the States,
everything is golden and everything is perfect and everyone has money.
But there is a lot of poverty and a lot of people who,
who in fact don't have enough money to eat at times, right?
Yes.
I saw some pretty rough things.
Some rough things.
And the government does provide some sort of aid at times.
Like you said, like food stamps, those are kind of like coupons
that you can go and trade into the supermarket in exchange for food, right?
Well, that's what it originally was, but now everything is electronic.
So you basically get like a credit card.
And through the food stamp program, money is put onto your card each month.
Oh, really?
But isn't that dangerous for people to use that money
that they put in the credit card towards other things than food?
Well, the way that the card works is that it won't work for anything but food,
even diapers.
If you try and use your food stamp money towards diapers, it doesn't work.
Oh, really?
Oh, wow.
See, this just proves how long I've been away from the States
that according to me, they still gave out like physical stamps.
I thought they gave out stamps too.
I was there.
Wow.
See, this is the ever-changing world.
The name is deceiving.
Yeah, the food stamp.
So now they should call it a food card.
The name is actually changed.
Oh, really?
Very recently, only within the past month or so.
And I'm not sure if it's nationwide or over,
only in New York that the name has changed.
So what's it called now?
I think it's called Snap.
Snap.
But I'm not sure.
Snap.
Oh, snap.
That's an acronym for something, right?
Yeah, and I can't tell you for what.
Because you can't or you're sworn to secrecy, okay.
It's a national secret.
Wow.
I wish, you know, in other countries we had,
like, for example, in Ecuador, we never really had,
we don't have this type of program where you aid people with food like this.
Or we have a couple of shelters,
but there's no nationwide program that actually aid people in this way.
Do individuals, I mean, do individuals set up like charities or,
you know, there's a lot of churches, right?
So do churches do that kind of thing?
Yeah, there are, the churches do set up things at times.
But the thing is that, you know,
Ecuador is this huge, it's not huge,
but it has a big countryside and everything just grows.
I mean, you can just throw a seed on the ground and it'll grow.
So in reality, people don't really ever, you know, starve.
And that's, many people have argued as one of the pros and cons of the country is that,
you know, people have it pretty easy if you want to eat, you know,
everything grows and it's fertile year round,
12 hours of sunlight year round.
So it's not like you have harsh winters or anything like that.
So at times people have become a little bit lazy about it,
but these programs are cool, are effective, I think.
I think that's arguable.
Yeah? Why did you quit? Did you not like it?
Well, what's happening in my life is that I've decided to take a different sort of career path.
I took this job thinking that I wanted to go to law school,
mostly to do public policy work.
And then after three years, I've learned a lot,
but I've also gotten frustrated with the job.
And I'm moving in the direction now of film.
Oh, really?
Yeah. So I'm starting in grad school in the fall.
Wow.
And it's a documentary film program.
It's two years long.
Wow. That's amazing. That's pretty cool.
So where are you going to be studying?
The school is called the School of Visual Arts and it's in Manhattan.
Oh, it's in Manhattan.
Wow. That's really cool.
So we'll be seeing a documentary made by you pretty soon.
Well, in the next couple of years.
Yeah, I hope so.
That's great.
Now, Catherine, you have friends on very high intellectual levels.
You know, I try to surround myself with smart people.
I'm going to bring in my friend who's doing a doctorate in Utah.
Astrophysics.
In chemistry.
Yeah, we don't want to talk.
We go out to dinner and you talk about biophysics and quantum mechanics.
Yeah, that's just to throw off Liliana a little bit and get on her nerves.
And because you read books about it.
Yeah, that's true.
I'm actually reading now, getting into reading.
I'm reading Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations.
Oh, classic economic kind of tract.
I've read, you know, just extracts, but I've never actually read the books.
And now I'm reading it and it's really, it's very interesting.
So I recommend it out there.
It's kind of long, but it's actually very simple to understand.
Good.
So thanks for the recommendation.
All right.
Way to go, Rachel.
I hope you have great success in grad school.
And I really want to see your documentary.
I wonder what it's going to be about.
Thank you.
I don't know yet.
All right.
But yeah.
Okay.
Send us the YouTube link.
Yeah, you have one.
And then we can make pirated copies of your documentary.
One billion people in China will be seeing your documentary.
Give me two years.
All right, guys.
So if you have any other questions or doubts,
please, you can come to englishpod.com.
Doubts?
Well, doubts.
You're really instilling a notion of confidence in our users here.
Well, you know, if you have any doubts about what we've said,
or maybe what's coming out, or you're uncertain about anything,
or maybe you just have doubts about your life,
I can give you advice.
No problem.
All right.
So we'll see you guys there.
And until next time.
Bye, everyone.
Bye.
