I'm so sorry.
Quiet on the set.
Quiet, please.
First position, please.
Rolling, action.
Hello everyone and welcome back to Director's Cut.
My name is Marco and I'm joined here with...
Liliana.
Yes, alright. Liliana's back and today we're going to talk,
just the two of us, about this movie, Up.
Up.
So like Up as in going up.
Yes.
Alright, so this is actually a...
Well, it's an animated film. It's a CGI animated film.
Well, it's a very interesting film. I thought it was...
You loved it.
I loved it. I thought it was very, very funny.
And very deep at the same time. It has a very good message.
Exactly. It has a great message.
I think also, you know, like the characters they have,
like both the old man and the kid, they're great.
Very good. The voice acting was amazing.
Exactly. It was very well done.
A lot of imagination.
It's amazing how people can have this type of stuff in their brain.
Right.
Right?
They just put it on film and it's amazing.
It's funny, it's very creative and of course it's a fantasy, right?
Because, well, the movie talks about how a man takes his house
by tying it to a lot of balloons and travels all the way to South America,
to like Venezuela, I think.
Yeah.
Because that was where he once dreamt of going.
But the movie starts out in a very deep way
because it starts out as this old man when he was a kid.
Yes.
Right?
And it's a great love story.
And when it starts and then something happens and I cry.
Yeah, I know. You can't help but like cry.
Yes.
Like the movie just starts and for the first 10, 15 minutes,
you're like, wow, that was...
That was sad.
It was sad, but it actually makes you think.
Because then you're like, well, he's old now
and maybe he's too old to do all the things that he once dreamt of doing
and traveling and going places.
And when he finally decided to do it, it was too late.
Yeah, I think the great, great message this movie has,
I think it refers a lot to the culture we live in,
and especially in the U.S. that all the money you have,
you spend it in your house fixing stuff in the car, in this and that.
And at the end, you don't spend it in things that are going to make you
10 times happier, which is like traveling, stealing the world.
And also what I like about the movie is that he has all this attachment
to something that are like his house, right?
Because it's physical stuff. It's not important.
So in the end, he has to let go of that,
and he realizes that it's not important.
In the end, you die and you don't take your car.
You don't take your house, right?
So you might as well...
Live life.
Yes, and spend it in things that are just, I don't think...
Well, I don't know, more valuable.
Right, exactly.
That's really...
I think that was one of the most important messages of the movie.
And as I said, it's in a very entertaining film,
and you would think that a cartoon or an animated film is for kids only,
but I mean, I watched it and I really enjoyed it.
You watched it as well, and you thought it was great.
So it's a perfect balance between a film for children
that you can take your kids to the movies or to rent the DVD,
but you can actually enjoy watching it as well.
It's not like a dumb cartoon. It's actually good.
It has a deep message.
It's great for adults.
Yeah, for adults as well.
Yes, for adults it's really good because also it makes you think about,
you know, when people are like 60 or 70 or whatever,
they're like, well, I'm too old.
But that's another message that you're never too old.
Never too late.
It's never too late.
If you're like, if you're alive, if you are healthy, then...
You can do it.
You can do it.
Right.
So we actually have a clip of the movie,
and it's the first instance that's pretty funny
when the old man meets the kid,
because the kid is kind of like a boy scout,
or it's one of those groups where they do different things
and they earn patches and they go camping and stuff like that.
And the kid has to help an old person do something
so he can get this award or this patch for helping the elderly.
So this is the first moment where they meet,
and it's pretty funny because, well, the interaction
and the age difference and the old man is kind of grumpy and annoyed.
So let's listen to the clip.
Or in tribe 54, sweat lodge 12,
are you in need of any assistance today, sir?
No.
I could help you cross the street?
No.
I could help you cross your yard?
No.
I could help you cross your porch?
No.
Well, I gotta help you cross something.
No, I'm doing fine.
See these?
These are my wilderness explorer badges.
You may notice one is missing.
This is my assisting the elderly badge.
If I get it, I will become a senior wilderness explorer.
The wilderness must be explored!
Go, go!
It's gonna be great.
There's a big ceremony, and all the dads come,
and they pin on our badges.
Sir, you want to assist an old person?
Yep.
Then I'll be a senior wilderness explorer.
Alright, so that's when they meet,
and that's actually when the story together begins,
because then, well, by accident,
the boy ends up going with the old man,
and the adventures and everything is really, really good movie.
It is. I really like it.
As I said, it is a little bit too much fantasy at times,
because obviously you can't fly around the world in your house,
but, you know, it's worth watching,
and I didn't really recognize the voices
of any famous actor or actress.
You didn't?
No, I didn't really recognize them,
but they were very good, though.
Yeah, they're great.
I think it's a great job to have.
Yeah, to be a voice actor of those types of things.
Definitely.
I would like to see it in another language,
because they did a pretty good job of,
like, for example, movies like Shrek,
or, like, when you watch it in English,
it's really good, because you have Eddie Murphy
and Mike Myers and Cameron Diaz.
But then when I watched it in Spanish,
it was really funny, because you also had
very good voice actors and pretty famous people
from Latin America who did the voices.
Yeah, and they're comedians.
Exactly.
And you would think that the jokes
would get lost in translation,
but they're very well done.
Actually, they're even better, because they're more,
you know how in Spanish and, well,
in English you can also have it,
you have this other meaning of things.
Yeah, double meaning and stuff.
Yeah, double meaning, so it's really funny.
It's really good.
So, if you have time or if you can find the DVD,
I recommend that you go out and get up.
And, well, if it's too hard in English,
you could also watch it in your own language.
I'm sure you'll enjoy this movie.
Alright, so that's all the time we have for today.
Thank you for joining us,
and if you have any questions or doubts,
we'll see you on our website, EnglishPod.com.
See you next time.
Bye.
