Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I am joined in our studio again with our
celebrity Leo from Spanish Pod
And also our famous Marco from Italian
Thank you, thank you. All right
So we're back in the studio with these two guys and we're gonna be talking about a lot of different things
Well, first of all, let's start off with next week's lesson. Whoo
New lesson new lessons every week every week
That's how we are here at English Pod we create new lessons can't wait to make another one
So our first lesson next week is actually pretty cool because Leo is in it
What did I do?
Lo is asking for a visa
It's always mark always asked me to do dialogue where I have to sound like an immigrant
I refuse to represent my people as immigrant and why can I get a like
You and representative
No, you will you will you did did I yeah, you just don't remember next
So we're gonna be teaching you not only vocabulary that you need to know about asking for a visa
But also some little tips and pointers to make sure that you are prepared for your interview
Have you ever gone and asked for a visa?
Have you ever had an interview? I've if you let me in
Yeah, I if you can hear me
We can be here all afternoon
Give me a break here. Okay, it's Friday for me, too. So and
Yes, I have applied for a visa and but I've never had an interview never had an interview. No, I'm for a first world country
Interesting we don't what is that supposed to mean? It means that we don't have to have interviews I guess
So you're because you're from Italy
Italy is like a third world country
Masked in a in a first world country
Pretend to do it. Where do you buy those max?
We're gonna get one
You should move your country to the old content
Anyway, all right spicy political debate
but
Yeah, when you go to the
What you don't need a visa when you go to the States, ah probably I've never no but
No, I think European Union doesn't need a visa nothing. I don't know
Probably we need a visa, but I don't think we have an interview. I don't know
That's what I was saying. Like we have visas for some place, but we I've never done an interview get it on arrival, right?
Yeah
Probably I don't know. I don't know about what the laws are in but for us from Latin American countries
We pretty much need visas everywhere. We go
Yeah, yeah, it's a pain
All right, and yeah
in the ads
Our next topic our next lesson small talk. We're gonna be teaching you how to create small talk, you know
No, not like that
You know to start a conversation
Sometimes with your with your boss or with someone you don't know where very well
No, is it about the weather?
Yeah, you like usually there's something about the weather
What is small talk? So it's just a informal talk, you know, like different topics to get a conversation going break the ice
Not literally low so you have to break eyes no
You need you need to go to the English part more often
There's a lot of listeners here who are trying to learn English. I'm just trying to make it clear for them. All right
Clear
And our lesson for Friday is our drama series. I'm sorry. I love you part four
Wow, that's that kind of soap opera you're doing kind of like a mini soap opera that we have Wow can't wait
It's good. It's got drama. It's got crying. It's got action. It's got action
romantic spicy scenes
Spicy scenes also last time I checked there was some spiciness
It was just a kiss a little bit like yes, that's what everybody says and then that's how it started your father
Nine months later now, it's time for our user of the week
Who is it? Am I the user of the week? No
No, you guys have like zero comments on our site. Not true. Hey, not true at all. Shame on you
You know what I won't comment anymore, yeah, we never see you on there anyways, I'll just write
comments
All right, the user of the week this week is
kimik
kimik
Grande kimik. Grande kimik. Where is he from? He is from France
Nobody's perfect
No
Just joking just joking a very beautiful country. There we go. Very beautiful France. All right, France. Yay
Bonjour mon ami
You lost the workout
All right, so good job kimik. He's been commenting a lot this week
We haven't seen him very much before but it's great. And finally
Can we say that we gave this award to kimik also because it shows
Finally a French person that wants to learn English. Yes
Internationally speaking it's a great step for globalization
Cultural exchange. All right, and we also have some ambassador of world peace kimik
All
Right, we also have some great news here at English pod on February 16th, we're gonna be launching our new site
What new site new site is this site is over what we're gonna have a new interface and we're gonna have more
things on our site
One of the main things that we're gonna have is a point system
What do you mean? It means that users that ask a lot of questions that put up comments that answer questions
Etc are gonna get more and more points and what can you do with your points? You can buy things
Can I get like you can get a special date with mark?
You have a little action figure of mark
With 1,000 points you'll get a little figure of me and Erica. What does the action figure says if you pull the string?
It says welcome to English
So, yeah, you're gonna special surprise, yeah
You're gonna get a lot of different things and also it's gonna be a way of ranking users
So you see who's very active who you know, kind of like general recognition. We all right exactly
yes, of course and also we can see like if I see a
Post that is written by a guy who is always posting everything, you know
Like I can trust him and I can follow his because they're always interesting
Exactly, and we're also gonna be having
exercises on English pod
Because like we keep on talking in English here, but me and Leo we need more exercises
Exactly. So we're gonna have exercises that you can use and to further expand your vocabulary
Okay, we also have some news about
prices
Not not nice. No, no, no, it's good news
So the thing is that if you sign up before February 16th, you can get your subscription for $9 a month
So prices are going up. Yes, because after February 16th, it's gonna be $15 each month
Oh, so if you're listening to this don't wait any longer come and subscribe to English podcast gonna go. Yeah, exactly
You know is yeah
But we're also gonna be coming out with a lot of new content and we're gonna have a lot of additional things
So we're gonna be providing more services for our users
And the last thing just to be sure that our subscribers know
In the lesson section, you can download CD quality lesson, right the CD quality mp3
Exact we have two kind of lesson files the high quality one and the low quality one
We call the high quality CD quality files and the other ones radio
Radio quality so be sure to download the the high quality CD quality files
And what you can do is to read the transcript of the dialogue
Right in your iPod while you listen to the lesson. Isn't that great? That's amazing. Incredible. Incredible. It's amazing
I don't believe it in fact. No, seriously
It's too good to be true. I tried it myself. Wow iPod
iPhones and I touch we know you do
Maybe if I keep listening and reading the dialogue at the same time i'm gonna be able to speak english as marco
Not marco italian, of course
That takes a totally
Level
But it is great because now you're going to be able to listen and read the dialogue
So you can pretty much understand a lot better what's going on and I heard that uh in the future
You'll be able to read the transcript while you listen to the dialogue while you dance
Wow, that's it, you know, like these new medias are incredible. It's amazing
Why somebody still waiting for the learning while you sleep there learn learn on your dreams
Learn on your dreams learn on your terms
Okay
So be sure to download CD quality be sure to visit our website
You'll find a lot of cool features there and a lot of great resources and if you have questions or comments
That's where you can find us and we'll be answering them. Also if you're listening this from itunes
Um, if you come to our site and sign up you get a seven-day free trial
So you can listen to all our kind of files and uh have a good look and a good perspective of what we offer
Exactly. You can get a seven-day free trial for english pod
You can go to spanish pod also where you'll find leo and he'll be teaching you how to cook with tabasco
And you can also go to italian pod and learn all about the italian language such a romantic language
So be sure to visit our websites and uh, we'll see you guys next time
English pod
