Hey everybody, and welcome again to this just in English Pods talk show.
Would you call it a talk show, Marco?
No, it's a news and features show.
Okay, it's more of a news and features show.
My name is Bill, and I'm joined today by Marco.
Hello.
And today we're going to be talking about some upcoming lessons.
Yeah, you're the host today.
Yeah, so Marco, could you tell us what kind of lessons we have on the way this week?
I can indeed, Bill.
Awesome.
All right, so on Monday we have a lesson.
We are going to get a subscription to some sort of magazine.
Oh, what kind of magazine?
Well, I think this person is getting a subscription to like a cooking magazine, like recipes and
stuff like that.
Ah, Gourmet magazine.
Yeah.
So, we actually talk a little bit about periodicals and how you can get a subscription to a newsletter,
magazines, newspaper.
Do you have any subscriptions?
I did.
When I was living in the United States, I did.
What do you have?
Wired.
What's Wired?
It's a technology magazine, but it's like a hip technology magazine.
You've never heard of Wired?
No.
Super famous.
What do you talk about?
Computers and stuff?
But it's more like cutting edge, like computer technology stuff.
Okay.
Not like cutting edge.
I don't know how to describe it.
It's like hip.
It's like hip tech news.
That doesn't really go well together.
Gizmos, gadgets.
You know it does.
All right.
Coolest piece in the world.
The Economist, I used to subscribe to.
That's a really popular, it's a magazine, right?
Yeah.
It's a weekly.
It's a weekly magazine.
I used to have a subscription to Nat Geo, National Geographic.
That's another good one.
It's a very good one.
It's a good read if you're on a very long flight.
Yeah.
I like that.
I like the New Yorker as well, although I've never had a subscription to that.
The New Yorker?
The New Yorker is great.
Not my style.
Yeah.
It's more of a pictures guy rather than a words guy.
No.
It's just that the New Yorker doesn't really appeal to me what they write about.
Really?
They kind of write about all sorts of different stuff though.
I don't know.
Most of the times I've read it, it's like just a bunch of boring stuff.
All about political issues.
Yeah, I'm interested in, but it's not all the time.
No, they've got a lot of talented writers.
And editorials, yeah.
I think it's kind of snobby.
That's what I think it is.
Well, I think probably New Yorker readers don't think you're good enough for it.
All right.
So anyways, on Wednesday, we are catching a train.
We're buying tickets at a train station.
Choo-choo.
So have you ever taken the train?
I take trains constantly.
What?
You like to come to work?
No, I ride my bike to work.
So when do you take trains?
I take trains when I'm traveling about my train around this great country.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
It's a fabulous way to travel.
Do you like it more than flying or taking a bus?
Well, I mean, it all depends on the circumstance.
Well, like, I mean, you're traveling around the country, do you?
On a whole?
Probably trains, yeah.
Yeah?
What do you like so much about them?
That you can, the scenery, I think.
The scenery?
Yeah.
The slow transition between places.
You can really see, you can connect two places together.
You know what I don't like about them?
Rather than just getting in a plane and then you're off and then you get off and you're
in a whole different place.
There's no connection.
I don't like the fact that they're late a lot of times.
Trains?
Yeah.
Trains are way more in time than...
Have you ever been to Italy?
They're never on time.
Yeah.
I mean, that's probably true.
Italians are never on time.
Ooh.
Ooh.
No, not for our Italian listeners out there.
Yeah.
Everyone but you guys.
All right.
All the other Italians.
Friday we have our skills, our interview skills.
It's actually been a very popular lesson set among our listeners.
We have like over 5,000 listens to that lesson.
Oh really?
Yeah.
And this time it's interview skills five where we are talking about reasons for leaving
your previous employer.
Mmm.
Yeah.
So, you know, sometimes at a job interview people or the guy will ask you, why did you
leave your last job or why are you looking for a new job?
Yeah.
So what do you say to that?
I have a sensitive question.
If you've left under bad circumstances, for instance...
Do you tell the truth?
...being fired?
I don't know.
I've never been fired from any job.
Really?
So I think I might tell them, but in a way that doesn't necessarily just say I was fired
by them.
You would say?
I would explain it in detail.
I mean, I'm sure there would be a good reason I was fired.
Would there?
I don't know.
I've never been fired.
I don't plan to be either.
It's a sensitive topic, especially because some people go into things such as, you know,
talking bad about their previous company or their previous boss.
It really depends on the context.
I think in most...
If it's a bad situation, just don't talk about it.
Well, what do you say?
I prefer not to talk about it.
I don't think you have...
I mean, the thing is, at least in America, I think most employers...
There's a law, I believe, like if you're calling up a prospective employee's previous
work, the only thing that you can ask them about is if they had worked there.
So you're saying at a job interview in the United States...
They can't call and say, hey, was this guy a good worker?
Did he do this?
Did he do that?
Obviously, no, no.
But what if...
Like, how did he leave?
I don't think you're...
By law, you're not able to do that.
But what if the employer is talking to you, interviewing you and saying, why did you leave
your next company?
All right.
So then you may as well just lie right then because they're not going to be able
to find out anyways.
I don't know.
I would, you know, I mean, I would tell the truth, but I would probably
prevaricate, you know, slightly.
OK. All right.
Well, it is a sensitive topic.
What would you do?
You're always asking the questions, but you never answer them.
Well, I would definitely tell them more or less the reasons why I left, but putting
a positive spin on it.
So maybe, you know, maybe if my job was boring, I wouldn't say, oh, it's because
my job was boring.
I would say something like, well, I...
Why would you be fired because your job was boring?
I'm not saying you were fired.
They're just asking you, why are you leaving your previous employer?
Oh, that's way easy.
It's just like that.
You just you bullshit again.
You just say, well, you know, you didn't you didn't have the same principles.
Or I wasn't looking.
The company wasn't going the same direction as I wanted to go.
I couldn't see myself there.
There wasn't much opportunity, you know, to grow in that position.
I mean, there's a ton of bullshit you can say.
All right, but we have really exciting news for you guys.
You've put up with five minutes of us talking and blabbering.
Well, I don't want to make any promises or nor do I want to get anyone's hopes up.
But we're thinking about seeing how much interest there would be for English
pod to add on a service such as maybe Skype tutoring.
So maybe for an additional fee.
We're not really sure how much that fee would be.
You could receive maybe 15 to 30 minutes Skype calls from one of our teachers.
So you would be able to practice your speaking, ask some questions,
maybe review some lessons.
It all depends on how much interest there is for this, maybe a group class,
maybe not necessarily one on one, maybe five people in a Skype conference
or not necessarily only using this software.
There are many other solutions such as a net meeting and dim dim.
There's even Adobe has one.
I'm not sure what it's called.
So but we want to know if this would be helpful for you guys,
if you would be willing to pay for this, if what is your idea?
If we offer this service, would you be interested?
So let us know.
So let us know.
This is what we want to know.
So please send us your comments maybe on the comment section of this.
Send your emails to support at Praxislanguage.com
if you don't want to post it on the site.
And we're really looking forward to hearing from you.
Please let us know.
Yeah, that does. It's exciting.
I think I think that's that's kind of the capstone of all the other aspects
of learning on English Pod would be able to, you know,
if you're able to interact with the teacher.
Exactly. And we actually should be able to speak back, you know,
instead of just listening.
And maybe depending, obviously, our listeners are from all over the world.
So we would set a time or maybe what is more convenient for you.
We actually have a format very similar to what I'm talking about.
Already working and working very, very well on our sister website,
ChinesePod.
So people are practicing their Mandarin Chinese in the same way.
So we are thinking of offering the same service and we want to let you know.
And find out. Yeah, let us know.
All right. So that's all for today.
We'll see you guys next time. Bye. Goodbye.
EnglishPod.com.
