Hello everyone and welcome back to EnglishPod. This is this just in and I'm here with Catherine. Hi everyone and Bill
Hello, and we're gonna be talking a little bit about this week upcoming lessons on Monday. We have a lesson about heating
What to say about heating? Well, it's like winter. It's really really cold and well, what do you do?
Well, hopefully not freeze to death
I read in the newspaper today that the United States is going through a cold spell
That means all the cold air is coming through and there's snow and people are very uncomfortable
We're all across all across coast to coast. It's minus 17 degrees Fahrenheit in Iowa City today
Oh my goodness, it's not even that late in the season yet. That's like minus 34 Celsius. That's crazy
Minus 34 Celsius. Yeah, normally it gets coldest in February. So this is really early. It'll be good for skiing though
I imagine they have snow already in Iowa
Iowa, that's so much skiing
No, no, but like I mean in the places where there's ski. I'm just giving you a hard time. Global warming, ha
Yeah. All right
So yeah
We're gonna be talking about heating and a thermostat and a heater and a stove and all that good stuff
Did you talk about wood fired stoves in the lesson? A little bit
We talked a little bit about the differences between different kinds of heaters. Oh nice. Yeah, that's my favorite type of heating device
It smells nice. It smells nice and it's very rustic and it crackles
You fall asleep and oh and you can also make some marshmallows or something in front of it. Yeah
All right, and on Tuesday we have
Directors cut and we're gonna be talking about the movie up up. Yeah, it's like a Pixar or DreamWorks animated film
It's really really cool. I loved it. It's a great movie. You haven't seen this one
I hear it's really heartwarming. It's except for the first 10 minutes
I thought it was good
I had no idea what this story was but I heard it was lovely and uplifting in the first 10 minutes. I was like
No, it's really hard help the heartbreaking in the beginning. Yeah, but it builds up
It's like the beginning is important for what comes in the rest of the story. It's a Pixar. Yeah
I think it's Pixar DreamWorks animated and it's so funny and sweet and very it's just a really
Everything about it is great. I really enjoyed Wally for those same reasons that it was kind of funny the dialogue and
Yeah, it's just effective as an animated film
But at the same time it could be witty and it also could you know have some heartwarming parts
You know and not cheap heartwarming and I actually enjoy these films more because there's no singing and like the middle of the movie
Like in normal Disney films. I agree
In this case, although as a kid, I loved the singing
Like
Remember all those growing up like you're really into it as a kid kids like song
Yeah, and you remember them forever, obviously
Yeah
Yeah, it was like 89 or something 20 years Wow
Probably earlier
All right. Anyways on Wednesday, we are going to be decorating a Christmas tree
So all the vocab and all the things that you put on a tree
like when your parents yell at you for getting all the
lights crisscrossed and tangled up the Christmas lights. Yeah, I always had a problem with Christmas lights
No, I have my mom is very she's a loving mother
But she is very specific about Christmas decorations and every year I'd wind them up around the tree and she said no
You did them wrong take them out and I had to unwind them
Actually, I know exactly what you're talking about now for the whole process
Setting the tree setting the tree in the dish, you know that it sits in
Yeah
To make sure it's in the stand to make sure it's not tilting the wrong way and putting the lights on my mom is always yelling
Me about that too. It's the same thing because you sometimes bunch them up in the bottom where you bunch them up in the top
And they're uneven and it has to be some of them blink and some of them don't
So frustrating that's so frustrating because sometimes if one light is
Is not working then a series of them are not because they're connected in series, right?
You always have to test the lights before you put them on the tree. That was the rule
Good idea. I don't understand why they couldn't make these little bulbs that would just last a lifetime
Well, I don't think they well actually probably the cheaper ones are still like that
I order the ones that play music while the lights blink that would kill me if we had the music one
those
Yeah, those are fun. It's a little over the top
All right, so we're gonna be decorating a tree
We're gonna talk about lights and bulbs and all these things and on Friday. We're going to be finding the perfect present
So have you guys done your Christmas shopping yet? Have you found the perfect present? No
I'm actually gonna do a desperate Christmas shopping run on Saturday. Oh really?
But no idea what you need to get I
Have some ideas, but if anyone's listening, I'm gonna blow it
So I don't want to mention what I'm gonna be shopping for. I think it's always hard to find Christmas presents
Because you're going out with the objective of finding one
It's so much easier when you're just walking not looking for a present like oh my god
That would be great for my friend or my girlfriend or whatever
That's what my parents do they buy their presents throughout the year and then they avoid it during November and December holiday season
And by the time Christmas comes they have all the presents
Oh really except when my mom forgets them because she sometimes puts them in special hidden places
It's where the hidden places are Wow
Yeah, so that would be cool finding a Christmas present in a hidden place 20 years later. It was like oh my god
It's for you. It has happened really she had like she had someone's present in the bar
You know with all the alcohol she hid it way down in there and when you're was like Catherine
I was gonna give this to your uncle Jack in 96
What was it I think it was like a special hat or something
Like a like a Bulls
Would be worth a lot of money
Yeah, actually Christmas shopping is pretty difficult, but now with the internet. It's so much easier. You can just go online shopping
I didn't do any physical shopping last year really all online all from Amazon. I might have to set up an account this year
I'm terrified of starting because when it starts it's not gonna stop. It's really hard
Yeah, once you once you sign on to Amazon and they have your details
It's literally you just click a button and it's sent to your house, and it charges to your car
Like it's really really easy. Yeah, and especially since free shipping
Well, they have like the database the smart database so they know what you bought or what you might be interested in so they're like
Yeah, we noticed that you look for this book. Maybe you would like this one by the same author
They always get me with that and it makes me angry
It's so smart
I was like have you read these books because if you haven't you certainly would like them
These are what your peers are eating
All right, those are the lessons coming up next week definitely Christmas related lessons because it's December already, so we're in the Christmas spirit
Is that your Santa Claus? I saw me that was Santa Claus. He's hiding
He's in the studio
On a motorbike yesterday really a guy with a big white beard and a Santa hat and like a big shirt
And yeah, he was riding a motorbike down the street
So it is the season Santa Claus is cool
He's out and about only in a sleigh now he writes Harley Davidson's hardly a Harley Davidson. It was more like a
cherry like
Like really cheap motorbike
All right
So that's all we hit the time we have for today if you have any questions doubts or comments
You can visit our website englishpod.com and we'll see you guys there. Bye everyone
