Hello everyone, welcome to this just in my name is Marco and I'm joined here with Catherine. Hi everyone and Leo
Hello, and Lily is the chase lunch. Yeah, she's in the lounge today. She doesn't have a mic, but yeah
You can hear her. There you go. All right. So, how are you guys?
Pretty good. I'm tired. How's a week? It has rained and rained and rained, but I didn't go to a wedding
Which was quite exciting. Mmm. Did it rain at the wedding? It did not. It was sunny and clear and beautiful
Nice because it was raining cats and dogs. Yeah. Yeah. Well, at least it's not hot
So if it is true, it is human though. It's like 99% humidity. It's sticky. You go outside and you're sticky
And my clothes don't dry I wash my clothes put them out to dry. They're still wet. They're like a day and a half
Really?
Really? Well, I don't do that. How do you dry your clothes? I don't know. What do you mean? You don't know?
What does your laundry? I eat us
Your I eat as your laundry. Yeah, my I does my laundry too, but she leaves it out to dry. It's still wet. Oh
So wait, what is this? What is this word? I because our listeners probably won't understand your question
well, I is a Chinese word meaning auntie and
It's essentially someone who's kind of helps out around the house
Maybe comes in once or twice a week to help clean or cook domestic help. Yes domestic. Yeah. I love that word
So correct. It's politically correct. Yeah. All right guys, so we have some really cool lessons coming up this week on Monday
We're gonna be talking about being a cashier touching at a supermarket
like
Yeah, the laser thing. What's that called laser reader things can laser scan and
Code scanner barcode scanner. There we go. Wow in Mexico
It becomes such a sensation when this started because we used to see them there in there in America like since the 1990s, right?
And finally like in the 2000s it came to Mexico
Yeah, well it scans the barcode so essentially the machine can read any item from a store and it tells you the price
But the problem is they always mess one or two things up. So they need a price check
Hi, can I have a price check and I'll seven please a price check. Did you ever work at a supermarket?
Or an airport maybe no, I worked at a bookstore we did have barcode scanners at the bookstore though
What about you though ever do a cashier or were you a paper boy? No, not a paper boy a plastic bag boy
What do you call those bagger bagger? I was actually no way. Yeah in how they call those stores
Would they sell like a hardware store hardware? Yeah, so yeah, I used to put everything on the back paper or plastic ma'am
No, we don't use paper in Mexico. It's all plastic
All right, so we're gonna be learning
You know those words and actually how you can pay at a supermarket because you can also pay with your club card
All right, and this whole thing about points. Yeah, and also you can pay with a card and get cash back
I love getting cash back. I miss getting cash back. So it's like free money except they're taking it from your account
Yeah, so basically you pay with your credit card and maybe your total is $70 and you say well
Just put a hundred on it. Wait, and I understand
Alright so suppose you're buying groceries and the total is $70
So you tell the cashier, okay, can I get 30 cash back because you look in your wall and you're like, oh, no
I don't have any cash. Yeah, so the cashier at the supermarket will charge you $100 for your groceries
And she'll take $30 out of the cashier and give it to you
Kind of like a personal ATM, it's very very cool. I want points and you get points you get points
Well, sometimes in some supermarkets you can get points if you have like a specific club cards
Yeah, I use my parents cards when I go back to the States
So they're getting my points
Then you're getting there your cash on Wednesday, we're gonna be looking at slang from the 1990s. Yo
All right, like the Prince of Bel Air kind of like that. Yeah, or it's here. It is. No, it's not
Yeah, so for the vanilla ice
Yeah, those guys the Budweiser commercial. Do you see the was out 2008? I did not oh, yeah
It was the boat thing. Oh, it's like what's up boat. It was a wait
It was so good
Actually, I'm really into these e-trade baby commercials
Have you seen the e-trade baby?
Maybe we can explain a little bit and we'll figure it out e-trade comm is like well electronic trade, right?
So they're giving people babies
No, but they came out with a commercial it up because it was they're like e-trade is so easy that even a baby can do
It but you have this little baby right and he's got a man's voice like hey. Yeah, I trade
I may look young but you know
But I can do it and he'd like click something. I was like, yeah, you see that I just bought stock
It's like it's really really funny. It's really good
And he's like so there's a series on actually on the e-trade dot-com site
They've dedicated a page to the baby so you can watch his commercials. That's so funny. So that's from the 1990s or when now
This is just related to commercials
What's a good 90s slang
Sike I'll say remember psych. I don't know it's like nobody psyched you out
Yo, Leo, I think someone totally stole your phone psych. Oh, it's like you've been fooled. Yeah
You have been food
Yeah, so you don't sound like that you say psych
Psych. Yeah, but that was like 90. So don't do it anymore
Yeah, it was a really dates you. Yeah, really? Yeah, I don't know what you would do now
Maybe like not. No, not even not not was also 90s. Yeah, not
Or Bart Simpson's I eat my shorts or don't have a cow don't have a cow, man
The 90s were good to me. Yeah, we have to listen to that podcast cuz I don't know why you there's a lot of slang in that
Wednesday check it out Wednesday and on Friday. We're gonna be looking into tools
Tools like the hardware store was working. Yeah. Yeah, so hammers saws nail guns
All right, all that fun stuff all that fun
Did your parents did your dad's have like toolkits in the basement all this all these the garage my dad has an amazing amount of tools
He's got he likes to do cars, right? Yeah, well, yeah
But he's also has he's also good at like carpentry finished carpentry and stuff. He used to have that business
So he's got like table saws and he's and he has a nail guns and a compressor dude
I built up a whole closet from Ikea myself
But that like takes a screwdriver and a hammer but still it was it was quite a challenge
They give you their own screwdriver, you know, they had the little crank ones. Oh, they include it, right?
Yeah, but they're not very user-friendly
What do you mean because they're very small like you push and twist push and twist push and twist
Those weeds they really simplified things. Anyways, it was like a whole day work
It took you a whole day to put together a closet. It was big. It's not that big
I've seen is like so sounds like Leo might need to listen to this lesson to find out a little bit more about carpentry
Yeah, and how to do stuff and get stuff done
So yeah, those are the three lessons coming out next week. They're pretty cool
There are some interesting things there, especially the slang one
I think a lot of the slang from the 90s is still used today. Absolutely. Well some of it
Well, yeah, not all of it, but we'll have to be careful when we not learn some of those
We specify which ones are still acceptable and which are not so Lily come back
I think Lily's leaping on the couch. So all right, that's it. That's oh we have some news also
Oh, I like news. Is it good news or bad news? It's good news. I wonder bad news better. There's no bad news
Okay, bad news is you're fired
Bam
All right, so um, so for our Chinese listeners, uh, we may have a
A fast and effective payment system coming out soon. Fast and furious
Yeah, so uh, they're gonna be able to
pay
with a local
Chinese version of paypal so you don't really have to depend on having credit cards
Yeah, you don't have to have a credit card. What's the name of it? Alipay
Oh, it's like tao bao. Yeah, so, uh, we're not sure when it's gonna come out yet
We're working on it, but we may have it soon
Great. Yeah, so it'll be good. Well hooray for our Chinese listeners. All right any
Thing of the week the joke of the week joke of the week. All right. Oh, I had a riddle last week
All right, guys want to know about the answer to the riddle. Oh, yeah, actually our listeners. No, but they get it
Yeah, they got it
newspaper. Yeah, sweet. Well done. Congratulations
Actually, they gave me credit for a bleeding zebra they thought it was a valid answer but a little
Grotesque, but it works valid, but you said, um that we're gonna get a kind of
surprise. Yeah
another joke
Totally psyched our listeners out of that one. No, no, just kidding. We will so um
So yeah, well, okay. We have a joke of the week. Let's go katherine. We're wearing a joke. We're a riddle joke
So why did the chicken cross the road?
To get to the other side
Nah, that's not a joke. All right. So there are two nuns in the convent. All right
And uh, there's a the blind van is here and she's like, oh, well, um, you know, i'm about to step in the shower
Well, have him come in he's blind anyways
so, uh
The guy comes in right and uh, she's like, yeah. Yeah. So, uh, what do you need son? He's like
Well, so you couldn't really tell he's like yeah is something wrong he's like, yeah
Well, where do you want me to install these blinds?
All right, so now it's time for katherine's riddle of the week
Okay, so this one's a little bit involved, but i'd saw him in the cosby show a long long time ago
All right, bring it on
Okay
So a man and his son are traveling all over the world and they travel travel travel fly every place because this the father wants
his son to see all these different places and
Well, they're about to head home actually back to the states
and
The flight starts to get a little bouncy a little bit. Uh, there's a little bit of turbulence and the
And it's really really getting rough and everyone's starting to freak out
And it gets rougher and rougher and all sudden the plane starts going down and the plane crashes
it crashes into the mountains and uh, everyone goes down with the plane and the rescue teams come and they flood the mountains to try and find
survivors because they don't know if anyone's been able to survive because really who could survive a plane crash like that and uh
And so teams are going through all of these um different areas and different crevices and trying to find people and finally they find
The son this boy and they think oh gosh, he's still alive. Let's let's get him out of here
Let's get him to a hospital because they put him onto a helicopter and they fly into the hospital
and
Everyone else they find out later has died. I mean the entire flight has died like 260 people
And so this boy is very very lucky, but they really have to work on him try and save him
So they have to have a life
Well, they have to have a very serious operation
So they have to medevac into a hospital and they get him to the hospital and they put him on a stretcher and they're pushing
On the hallways
They bring him to the operating room
The doctor puts on the gloves and comes in the room and looks at the child
And says I can't operate on this person this child this boy. He's my son
How is this possible? Who's the doctor?
Who's the doctor?
Who's that?
Who's that?
Good one. So we hope that you will answer this nice little riddle
Who's the doctor and get into the list via our website englishpod.com. Yeah, this is good for your listening comprehension
So, uh, be sure to let us know what the answer is and you'll get a surprise a really good one this time
Bye everyone. Sorry. Awesome. Bye
Have a good week. Bye englishpod.com
