Hello everyone and welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I'm Erica and this is English pods new show
That's right. This is the show where we tell you everything that's happening at English pods
So we're gonna give you previews on our lessons for next week. We're gonna name also our user of the week. That's right
We're gonna talk about some
Features on the website and we're going to tell you about our English pod challenge
Okay, great. So why don't we start by naming our users of the week?
All right
So this week we've had a lot of activity on the website a lot of comments from you guys and we're thankful for all of those
Great comments, but two of our users have really stood out as being great
members of our English pod community
So first we want to say a big thanks to Babar Duan. Yes, Babar has been a really
Helpful person on the community. He's helped out a lot of people by explaining phrases or words
So great job Babar. Thanks a lot and hope that you continue listening and helping people out
Yeah, and a big extra special. Thanks for those great photos. You've been posting
I think my favorite has got to be the one with like 27 hands
That was an interesting one. I think the message of that was give me a hand or something
And we also have another really great member Yung Lee
333 so you want to send a shout out to Yung Lee?
333 who's asked a lot of great questions on the website, which we really appreciate
Yeah, it seems like she is really studying hard and she's asking a lot of questions and being really active
So good job and keep going. Yeah. Okay. So thanks to all of our English pod members and special
Thanks to Babar Duan and Yung Lee 333. Okay, great. So why don't we talk about our upcoming lessons for this week?
Okay, we've got three lessons that are going to be published this week. We've got our first intermediate lesson and
Our first upper intermediate lesson. Yeah, so for all of you who have been asking for
Intermediate lessons this week is your week. That's right. My favorite lesson for this upcoming week is
new guy in town
That's a really good lesson and I'm sure everyone's gonna enjoy it. Yeah, there's a lot of great language in here
that will help you to describe weird or strange people and
Really excellent language that will help you to gossip better. Yeah, it's a really juicy lesson
so be sure to listen to it and
Be sure to send us your lesson ideas
If you guys want a lesson maybe
About a certain topic or a certain interest that you have send it in and we can prepare a lesson for you on that
Exactly. So Marco now I think it's time for us to tell our listeners a little bit more about our websites
Yeah, as you know on our website, you can find a lot of great resources
But I would like to talk to you about our community, especially the groups section
So you can find the group section under the community tab on the website
Here a lot of our members have already started some groups. We've got a few good ones for tongue twisters and yeah
Australian phrases we got one on movies the joke of the day. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, so we have a couple already
Yeah
So this is a great place where you can interact with other users make friends and just practice using some of your
newfound English phrases
Yeah, and we'll be creating some really good groups as well. So be sure to keep your eyes open for that
We'd also like to invite our listeners to create their own groups on the community section of the website
And for all of you who use Facebook now, we have a Facebook group so you can join
Exactly. You can search for it under groups on Facebook
And this is a great place to interact with other English pod and yes and English pod will also have a Facebook profile
So be sure to add us as friends. Yeah, let's see Marco. How many friends we can get on our face
Yeah, I'm sure we'll get a lot. We'll get a lot of friends. We're really popular. Yeah
Okay, so now let's talk about our English pod challenge
So every week on English pod we want to give you a challenge
Basically, we want to give you a job to do in English so you can practice your language
So as Erica mentioned already, we have a great lesson called new guy in town and it's about a strange neighbor
That's right. So we want your stories and experiences about maybe a strange or weird neighbor
Yeah, so please send your stories about a strange or weird neighbor to either me
Erica or to Marco and we will choose the best story and then publish it on the websites
Exactly. So send us your message with your story and we'll pick out the winner. Okay. Well everyone. I hope you have a great week
I hope you enjoy these upcoming lessons and good luck with the English pod challenge
All right. We'll see you guys next week and until then it's goodbye
