Hello everyone and welcome to this just in my name is Marco, and I'm joined here with Catherine. Hey everyone bill hello, and
Scarlett hello all right and everyone here is gonna help us introduce next week's lessons and any other relevant news going on in the
Marketing CRM world that Scarlett and bill are submersed in yay
You don't sound too excited bill get excited
So anyways on Monday. We have a lesson coming out, and it's called learning how to drive
Yeah, it's a good one. I think you're in this one bill. I am yeah, you're going. Oh, yeah
I remember that one and scarlet is the crazy driver
You need to calm down behind the wheel Scarlett all right so question for you guys
Do you know how to drive a manual transmission car?
Yes, I sure do I have I have driven a manual, but but I don't do it on the regular basis
See you driving automatic
My car at home isn't automatic
It's a truck, so there's not really easy to get one and I know really I know how to drive
I've can drive manual on video games
In my dreams every time I'm driving in my dream, it's a stick shift really, so I'm pretty sure I could do it
It's not that I think it's called wish fulfillment
Just like this yeah
Yeah, that's exactly I guess nobody can see what I'm doing at home, but I'm doing it
He's just forgetting the clutch thing yeah
He's just bending his legs around
All right, so that we actually had an interesting conversation about it because it's like well Scarlett
You you lived in England and most cars are manual right?
Yeah, and hardly anybody drives automatically and in the US is the opposite everyone drives an automatic so one of two things
Yeah, either. It's a it's lazy. It's because you're lazy. It's or because of the topography
Well in Seattle Seattle is I'm from Seattle
Which is a very hilly place so it's even a little bit less convenient even more reason to have a manual
I think it's a gas thing really why well because it's a compression brake going downhill cuz automatic transmissions tend to be
Forced more and to break down more in places where you have a lot of hills
Yeah, and you can yeah, I hear you say anything you can shift down to slow down
Stolen
If you don't know how you're yeah
Stuff is quite tough
And I remember when I first saw how to drive my dad thought it'd be really funny to make me start in a hill
Hey, but that was hilarious all right, so I cried more than I've ever cried in my life
Were you in traffic yeah
That's how my friend my friend he was the first one to get a car he got a Volkswagen Beetle or a bug
I guess and that's how his dad just tossed him right in like he had to drive back from his dad's house to his mom's
House where where I lived I lived close to his mom's house during rush hour in Seattle like on a rainy day like at night
He's never driven a manual ever before and he's like okay. Here's your car. You gotta drive home
But by the time he got back he was he wasn't alright, so a hill start is when you are driving up a hill and
You hit you get a red light or there's traffic and you have to stop and then when traffic starts moving again
You have to start up again
So that's the hard part because you have two feet and three pedals that you got to manage the brake the accelerator in the clutch
Yeah, so yeah, that's pretty tough. So you have to get off the brake and brake and ease on to the clutch without stalling out
Or without gunning it yeah or without sliding back too much right because it's very easy to overcompensate to in that situation
Mmm. All right. Well, everyone seems to be a professional driver here in the studio except for me except for you
Only in your dreams. My bike doesn't have gears though
Automatic as well or a freewheel
All right, so on Tuesday, we're talking about Catherine and Bill's favorite movie well not movie but the favorite topic
Star Trek
right, it is a very very cool topic and
Cool kids only so we're gonna be talking about the movie Star Trek
It was a great movie great graphics or well visual good actors good actors
Everyone agreed that the main character was a hottie. Yeah to put it in Catherine's words. Yeah, I did say that
All right, so that's on Tuesday on Wednesday. We are going to be cooking a Thanksgiving dinner
Thanksgiving
Okay, this is your favorite holiday. I'm so homesick. It is it is your favorite. It's a good one
So obviously cat Catherine and Bill are from the US so they celebrate Thanksgiving
Scarlett from England and myself that well, I'm was raised in the States. We don't really do this whole Thanksgiving thing
So why don't you give us a an intro to Thanksgiving? Well
lots of food lots of family sometimes tears some football and
Falling asleep early at 9 p.m. Yeah
I know a lot about turkeys. Why do you know so much about turkey? I don't know
I just these things somehow I
Hear about them and I just never let go. All right, give us a turkey fact
Well turkeys are so stupid that if you don't they're really they're totally really pretty dumb
So if you don't put a cover over the top, these are I don't believe this is wild turkeys
These are domesticated turkeys. If you don't put a roof over their head when it starts raining
they're at danger of looking up to see where the water is coming from and
Then having their mouths filled with water and then they they literally drowned
This can't be true
They're so dumb wild turkeys, I mean they're related to wild turkeys it wild turkeys are a little bit scary
You're very loud and aggressive. Yeah, yeah, and they yeah
I had a friend who had a turkey as a as a watchdog because
seriously
Because they you know like they had him in the front lawn and if anyone walked in the turkey would like attack them
Yeah, make all those noise. They're very very aggressive. Yeah, they get quite large, too. Yeah, so they're pretty scary
themselves attractive
Male turkey will try to mate with almost anything that even slightly resembles another turkey the ones that are really super charged stuffed turkey
Oh, it goes way beyond that this one. I know for a fact cuz I read it in somewhere. That's a little bit more official
I think I just heard that
Quotations around it, but if you just if you even put like the shape of a turkey
Head just suspended from air doesn't even have to have a body
But just on the same eye level with a male turkey
Even if I think it's even it doesn't even have to resemble a turkey
It's just that could be like a piece of of cardboard in front of their face
They'll try to mate with it like with the space underneath it
Like they're super super charged. Wow
You've dropped some very interesting knowledge
Yeah, just that just that fact I just tell her every single day
All right, so Thanksgiving dinner
It's a great tradition in the US a lot of turkey mashed potatoes pumpkin pie
Yeah, just a lot of food the gift is pumpkin pie. It's a pie filled with pumpkin
Well pumpkin naturally is a little bit sweet and then what happens is we roast a pumpkin or we take
pumpkin can pumpkin filling and
We mix it up with a little bit of egg and brown sugar and vanilla you mix it up and then you
You put it into a pie crust and you bake it like that and so it ends up being very very sweet
It's really good and kind of mushy and it's amazing. I haven't had pumpkin pie. I think like five years
Really pumpkin pie is quite good. All right, a little bit of whipped cream on top
and
All right on Friday we have a great fun lesson also bill you did this one you actually throw up on a rollercoaster
Tune in for this one. Yeah, this is great. So this could be worth just starting a new subscription to here
So we're going to an amusement park and we're gonna be riding a rollercoaster. So that's really cool
Except for the whole barf thing. Yeah, Bill throws up. It's quite you know, it's quite um, I really stick. I
puked in the studio
It actually does smell a little bit that's how dedicated we are to our craft here
We are very dedicated
So have you ever been to like a do you like going to an amusement park or riding rollercoaster?
So a lot of people are like freaked out of their mind. I love it. Who doesn't like that
Well, you know some people don't boring people who probably don't like Star Trek either
I could see a lot of Star Trek people getting sick. I
Actually saw a show recently or not fitting into this
I actually saw a show recently about like the top ten roller coasters around the world and some of them look really scary top ten rollercoasters
What is it called something Falls is in Ohio or Cedar point
Most famous like the biggest amazing ride the biggest wood roller coaster in the world
Yeah, I think but there were ones for I love wooden rollercoaster. Yeah, cuz they're really scary. They're all creaky and yeah
We had American Eagle at the Chicago's Six Flags Great America American Eagle was scary because it was like
Yeah, yeah, that is pretty scary I actually saw one
That was you get shot in at a hundred miles per hour from like zero to
You go from zero to a hundred miles per hour and like two seconds. Seriously. It's ridiculous
This roller coaster goes in a straight line for like 200 or 300 meters and then goes up into the air
Well, like still on a railing and then you experienced one second of zero gravity because as the rollercoaster
That's called Superman the escape. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty. Oh wait, that's a six-flight six flags
Yeah, you can see that from miles around actually
That was pretty cool because as the roller coaster speeds up and then goes
Starts to go up in a vertical position
And as it slows down you experience like one second of zero gravity cuz it's like whoa
And then you actually feel your food kind of creep up
And then when you and then you go back down backwards
Oh, there's one called the boomerang that does that where you you get shot out you go straight you go up
You do a spin and then all of a sudden you go
And you can't see where you're going. You're just like
Like super extreme ones, why not get shot into outer space your head chopped off
three miles away
It's a little bit too expensive. All right. Well, it's not for everyone like I like the draw
I like dropping. Yeah, that one the giant drop the one where you're up there and you don't tell you like the elevator
I hate that one. Oh, no, not that one. I'm just talking about normal roller coaster where you're going
Anticipation you're like, oh my god, we're gonna do it. And then you go down. That's fine. I'm actually not extreme enough
No, it's not I'm looking forward there's this one famous roller coaster in Las Vegas
Because it's on top of a hotel. That's like I heard about like 50 stories. Yeah. Yeah, exactly
So the roller coaster goes around it on the edges. So it's like really high up. It's really scary
All right, did you ride that one? No, no, no, but I've heard about it and people have been freaked out
Yeah, you can go I can go hopefully I will I'll let you know. Okay, how extreme it was
All right
So that's all the news we have for today
Be sure to visit our new website and tell us what you think about it
If you have any comments any suggestions or any problems because of course
We are still fixing some bugs and well, you can email bill about that. They'll be happy to to help you with that
Yes, I'll be happy to answer any questions about the new website
All right, just in case you were worried the website hasn't changed address. It's still English pod comm
And everything that you've done and saved is still there if it's not we have a problem
You can email us right make sure it gets restored. All right, it's just much prettier now. It's prettier
I think it's easier to use if you notice when you post a comment on a lesson
The comments that is the newest is on top not on the bottom. So you can see all the new comments on top
Yeah, that's kind of cool because you don't have to scroll all the way down to like look for new comments
All right
So be sure to check out the new site englishpod.com and we'll see you guys there
Be sure to listen to next week's lessons. Bye. Bye. Bye
