Hello everyone and welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and my name is Catherine
So welcome. That's right. We're here today to talk about some of the lessons. We've got coming up this week, right?
This is our news and features show and we have some great interesting and very useful lessons coming up this week on
Monday we have a lesson about calling tech support
Tech support so tech stands for technology
This means when you have a computer problem you call a phone number and there's someone on the other end to help you solve the problem
Yeah, have you ever had to call tech support or somebody to help you out?
I have and I hate it because usually in America when you call tech support you wait for an hour or an hour and a half
And then you realize that it was a stupid problem to begin with but you could have figured out yourself
Yeah, and I think also I've heard from many people that used to work in tech support or customer service
That some of the questions they get can be very very stupid. So they you know as a
Operator for tech support you can also be very irritated. It's a very difficult job. I'm sure well you're dealing with customers who have all different levels of
Experience and knowledge when it comes to computers. So if you get people who have no idea what they're doing
I'm sure it's really frustrating. Yeah, I read on on the internet once that
Somebody called tech support saying that they're a coffee holder on their machine wouldn't work and he's like coffee holders
Or I don't think
We are equipment or our computers are have coffee holders
They're like, yeah
These little tray that you press the button and this little tray comes out and it has a hole in the middle and you can
Put your coffee there. He's like that's the obviously that was the CD-ROM drive, but you get all sorts of people
Alright, so this guy was putting his coffee
Yeah
So on Tuesday, we're gonna talk about this great new film that came out recently Sherlock Holmes
So that's a really cool movie the books are amazing. I know you're a big fan of like all
33,000 books
A lot of them, but you know, they were published in serial
So, you know back in the I guess late 19th century when they're being published by Arthur Conan Doyle
You know people couldn't get enough of them. So he kept writing them because you know, he was making money
It kind of seems like an early form of like a comic in a way
Yeah, I mean there weren't they weren't illustrated right there mysteries. So there is a structure there are you know
There's a main character who you can predict
But the stories are also exciting and wild and new that you're always coming back for more. That's really cool
No, the movie was great. We talked all about it on Tuesday so you can listen to that and on Wednesday
We have a very interesting lesson about the American legal system. So understanding a trial
So this is the American way with the jury the judge and all that stuff, right?
and this also will have a lot of great benefits for you if you're going to be watching TV shows or movies about these things because
Movies like the firm pelican brief 12 angry men or TV shows like Boston legal. Yeah, they're all shows that feature really
specific legal
Vocabulary and phrases so this show is definitely going to help you out with those
Yeah
And some of those phrases can be kind of difficult or understanding
Some of the things in the court or how it works, right because you know, you see the courtroom
You have 12 people sitting in the box. You're like, what are they doing there and who picks them?
Well, we're not we're not going to explore everything
But we will tell you the basics about who's doing what and how American courts work in general
actually
About this. I know that when you become a lawyer in the United States very difficult because you have to pass a bar exam, right?
That's right. There's a special exam to be admitted into a community known as the bar B AR
And this is the dread of all law school students because it's really hard
It is very hard and you have to pass in a certain state
So if I study if I want to work in New York, I have to pass the New York bar exam
So this can be this could be a big deal. You have to study for a while to pass
Yeah, I always remember that movie catch me if you can with Meredith Caprio. That's based on the true story of this guy
who's a
thief right and
How he passed a bar exam he studied for like a month and pass it on his own maybe a genius or something
That's crazy master of disguises. All right, so that's on Wednesday and on Friday to close off the week
We are closing the deal. So this is an upper intermediate lesson. We're gonna talk about
Negotiations and we're gonna be trying to sell chocolates to someone
But a special type of chocolate so it's an interesting lesson because we'll talk about some very
Specific terms and phrases that you would use probably in a negotiation or a business deal, right?
These are great
You know you you always want to know how to close the deal or you know
What kind of persuasive phrases to use even if you're having a conversation with someone you've never met before these are these are great
Kind of icebreakers in a way, too
But in this case, we're also talking about a specific Scottish national dish
So I'm not gonna tell you what it is
You have to listen to our show, but it's a very interesting and unique kind of food that I personally
Don't think would taste very good, but maybe you've had it. So listen to Friday's show. All right
So yeah, there's a lot of great things coming up. And well, I know that in China
We have a lot of listeners and also our show is coming from Shanghai China. So
It's a happy new year here in China. That's right. Trinity you cry
So this is the happy new year for all of our Chinese listeners and also happy new year for all of our listeners in Southeast
Asia who are also celebrating the lunar new year. Yeah
Calendar right lunar means it has to do with the moon
so the lunar new year happens usually around February and the
Western new year happens in January. So happy new year to everyone who's celebrating the lunar new year. That's right
And for Chinese listeners, it's the year of the tiger. So it's gonna be great
strong year and
It's actually on New Year's Eve this year's on February 14th. So it's right there with Valentine's Day
Yeah, and we'll be bringing you a romantic lesson next week. No, actually, I don't think we have a Valentine's. No, we we did one
Previously and we also have a very cool
Series and episodes on I'm sorry. I love you. So we got like 10 of those. It is a pretty awesome series
All right
So be sure to check out the new
Lessons and even older lessons because we have a lot of great material in the library over 200 lessons already
So be sure to check us out English pod calm and we'll see everyone next time
Yeah, please leave your comments and questions for us on the website. We look forward to them and again. Happy New Year
