Hello English learners and welcome back to another edition of this just in I'm joined here with Catherine
Hi everyone, and our friend Kyle is also here from California
Hello, so we're just gonna be talking a little bit about lessons coming up this week and getting to know our guests
We're gonna interrogate him a little bit as well. Ooh, turn the lights down. So Kyle tell us about yourself
Well, you're from California, I'm from California
I grew up right in just south of Los Angeles right near Disneyland the original Disneyland Anaheim in Anaheim
Well done, and I went to University in Washington DC and I just finished my master's degree at the London School of Economics in England
Wow London School of Economics, so you did an MBA there
No, I did a master's in international politics and communication all about the role of media in society
Oh, wow, very interesting. So right place to talk about media tell you all about you guys
So, how did you find it? How did you how did you enjoy London England in general? Yeah, London's a great city
You know, it's it's like the world one of the world's great cities like a New York or Shanghai or Chicago
And it just has so much to offer in terms of culture and nightlife
food eating day trips and just about what ten minutes outside of town you're in the middle of the country side
Right just rolling hills and farmland. So it was a great place to live for a year. It's very very expensive
Very expensive. You have a bottle of water will cost you about
What 20 quai which is like three dollars three dollars
Yeah, I'd be so dehydrated living all the time and the tap water you can't drink so it's just a bit of a catch-22
What about the people in general English culture English people? Well, it's an interesting culture
you know, you'd think it might be similar to the US because we share a language but
What we really are is two nations divided by a language
As I think Oscar Wilde once said
It's a it's a very social culture and it's a very big drinking culture
So really happy hours are and the pub you go down the pub. You have your local they know you it's very Cheers
Really? Yeah, so you get something to get used to you know this constant. Do you want to get a pint?
Do you want to go for a pint?
Yeah, I
Think many people have said it it's due
It's due to the weather because it's always rainy or it's cloudy or if it's rainy after work
You have nothing else to do then go to inside to a pub and and have a pint and drink with people
right and what they always what they've told me and what I learned is that people in Britain rally around sort of like what's miserable and
For lack of a better word and they all agree to it. Like how was your day crap? How was your day?
It was crap. Let's go down to the pub and get a pint. Yes
Where is in California was like how was your day great? How was your day? It was wonderful. Let's go down get a drink. Okay, you know
That'd be an interesting study the study of weather on
People all people talk about in London. I've actually I do agree on this point because
For example in Latin America and the Caribbean people that are that are raised on the beach or in very tropical hot weather
They're usually a lot more extroverted. They like to dance. They're a lot more talkative
So it's a it's very different and it I don't think it's just a coincidence that it's the the weather, right?
There must be something about it. Just like sitting in the Sun all day long. No, there is. Yeah, like productivity levels and
Social levels and lifespan are all associated with weather. Really? Yeah. Wow. Let's move somewhere sunny people
this rain California
Actually Keto Ecuador is a good destination for that 12 hours of sunlight year-round every day your government should pay you
I think should I'm always I'm always like
Tourism tourism board should be paying me. All right. So, all right. We have some great lessons coming up this week on Monday
We're gonna be getting a new computer. So all the techie words related to that. Oh, and are they techie?
I think this is your lesson. Yeah, it was it was like ram and in the computer processor and gigabytes gigabytes
So it can be difficult at times to get a new computer or to just understand what all those
Characteristics are about and then in the end you always end up buying the computer
You don't need because yours is at a date and then all sudden set up at a date
And we're gonna be talking about that and how unless you buy an Apple, I guess Apple computers aren't really
I think that can take its own show guys. They have they have their own problems and I think we could all speak to
So on Wednesday, we're gonna be looking at what if part two
So the hypotheticals using the conditional what if yeah, you think it might be a little bit complicated
But this lesson is gonna sort everything out for you. So we're also here to answer questions and all that, right?
Yeah, it's it's it's not that hard. We're gonna be talking about it
we're gonna use the present perfect tense and the past perfect and
It's just kind of remnants and think about the past the things that would have happened
What would you have done right? So Kyle for example, you majored in
International politics and media. So if you hadn't majored in international politics, what would you have studied acting probably? Really?
To become an actor. I was a thespian my whole life. Yeah applied to Juilliard and everything
Yeah, I made it to the final round and then what happened and then I didn't get in so
They only take about one out of every what 500 600 applicants
So I ended up studying international relations and want to be a politician, which is pretty much the same thing
Yeah, it's very very related very good Wow Juilliard, that's uh, how did I not know this about you?
What about you Catherine you majored in
Undergrad I majored in the philosophy. So if I hadn't done that I probably would have studied history
But if I hadn't studied liberal arts, I would have wanted to study physics physics. Really Wow
Were you good at in math and that physics? Yeah, but I kind of gave it up after a while and focused on, you know
literature and
Humanities humanities. That's weird though. It's going from like exact sciences to social science
Is it weird though? I wish there is a point that which they come back together true true, but very far much
Astrophysics Wow, and you know what how it all happened
So we have some very very interesting people in our studio today. Very interesting. What would you have studied?
I actually would have studied mechanical engineering. Uh-huh. Yeah
As opposed to what was your
My life kind of took some turns in bands down the road
I actually once I graduated from high school, I joined the police academy and after that I studied business and marketing
That's right. So it was it I didn't it didn't really go the way that I planned but as that's usually
The best story life is what happens when you're making plans
Exactly. And what about on Friday? We have a lesson called. What do I wear the common question? What do I wear?
Oh, I hate this one. It's like you're tired. It's early in the morning
You have to go to work, but you kind of want to look nice
What do I wear you're not the type of person that sets out your clothes the day before the night before not since I was
Ten really I still do that you do it. I set out my clothes last night and I'm wearing them right now
So you like to plan ahead? Yeah, and I'm in no mental state in the morning to be making decisions about what I should wear
I see I should have that that you know in the back of my mind at all times
But I just never quite make it at night. I'm just I'm a night owl
I like to stay up late then I just forget about the stuff and go sleep. Mm-hmm
I usually just choose my pants the day before
What's clean and what's clean or what I feel like these pants
And then I'll just look for something that goes with it today is a corduroy day or shorts or something if it's hot
But yeah, I think it's a it's a very big dilemma for men and women. I think
For guys, it's sometimes a little bit difficult to combine colors. Well, I have that problem
I don't really know what goes well with what at times then there's the whole tie thing. Yeah
Ties to the office and what tidy wear with what pants?
Or for example, I would like to combine my shoes better like wear other color shoes
I usually go with black or brown and I know I could go with probably more you got to pick one item
That's exciting and then let everything else be a little bit dimmer. We're gonna have loud shoes
You know quite sure quite pants
Yeah
I've seen that because I've seen people wearing like green shoes and then like a red jacket and then like a purple shirt
So it's kind of like a little Christmas tree. Yeah
So so yeah, we'll be talking about that a husband is actually not very a
Husband doesn't have much fashion sense. So his wife is gonna be helping him out choosing his clothes. We hope what about ironing?
Are you good at ironing? Do you like time? Yeah, actually, I do enjoy ironing to I find it very calming
It takes me forever to iron anything. I know 45 minutes for sure
For sure
Use the steam function because that really speeds things I use this team
I use the spray the water spin thing and then you know
You do the collar first, but then by the end the collars wrinkled again, and it's just a mess
Yeah, see I do the back first and then I go out to the sides
And then I do the sleeves and I do a color last color last see that that's where you're going
Maybe I can get it down to 30 minutes
Alright, so those are the lessons coming up this week
also, if you have any suggestions questions or
Anything you guys need just let us know on our website englishpod.com
or you can send us an email at englishpod at Praxis language calm and
We'll see you guys there. Thank you for joining us Catherine and Kyle. Thanks for having. Thank you
All right. We'll see you guys there. Bye
