I'm so sorry.
Quiet on the set!
Quiet, please!
First position, please!
Rolling, action!
Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut.
I am joined here with Bill.
Hello everybody.
And today we have with us lovely Scarlett.
Hello!
And we're going to be talking about a great film that was released in 2007, if I'm not mistaken.
Starring Will Smith and it's called I Am Legend.
Yes.
That is the name of the movie.
Great, thanks for the great insight, Bill.
Thanks for the approval.
Alright, so I Am Legend, it was a pretty good film.
Well, it wasn't amazing according to a lot of people.
Are you speaking of critical reception then?
Well, it was one of the highest-grossing films of all time.
It was like in 48th place.
What?
Really?
Yeah.
Amazing, right?
It doesn't seem like that.
Yeah, I would imagine that.
I do remember when it came out there was a fair amount of buzz.
Yeah, there were a lot of people that were interested in the film.
A lot of people were interested in it.
Well, it's based on a sci-fi novel from like the 50s, right?
So it's not like completely new.
As are many science fiction movies, are based on novels from the 50s.
Alright, so basically what's the synopsis of the movie?
It starts off with the movie is set in the United States, right?
In New York.
Yes, that's correct.
Alright, so the synopsis of the film is the following.
It's set in the United States, primarily in New York.
And some woman claims to have adapted a virus, right?
Which is the measles.
Oh, I thought it was for cancer.
Well, she uses the measles virus to vaccinate against cancer.
Right, so basically it's an engineered virus.
They took the measles virus and they transformed it to actually help the body instead of attack it.
And so what this measles, this new measles virus called, I think it was called the Kipper or the something.
You know, quite a bit.
The backstory isn't even really explained that well in the movie.
Yeah, it's in the news, like in the background.
It's like Emma Thompson or something.
Right, it's Emma Thompson.
Well, anyways, the virus is injected into 10,009 people.
And the success rate is 100%.
So all of these patients during the clinical trials that have cancer, all of them get cured.
So it's like, it's the cure for cancer.
So everyone was like, wow, this is amazing.
So everybody gets vaccinated with it, basically.
Well, I guess so.
It didn't even explain it that much.
No, and that's not the point of the movie, I feel like.
Well, right.
But what happens later?
You still have to know why everyone's gone from the world.
You can't just...
Well, this is a good point.
So when you first start watching the movie, though, the most striking thing, of course,
maybe I'm jumping a little bit ahead in your synopsis, is that there's nobody in New York.
Right, so after three years, New York is empty.
And everything's still the same as before.
And it's only the star Will Smith is there.
The movie opens, though, into the first half of the movie.
You don't really know exactly what's going on.
But this is kind of what I'm thinking.
A lot of movies are built around...
Well, I guess this is actually a book, but I can see why they had this concept
that is really appealing for a filmmaker.
And maybe that the backstory is just...
It's kind of supplementary to this idea that, oh, why don't we have Will Smith
fighting some weird...
You think?
In an abandoned New York.
And then they build a story around that.
Don't you think? A lot of movies seem like...
Well, yeah, as you say, Will Smith is the main character
and he's immune to the virus, right?
So he's one of the only people that's left alive in New York,
because the virus mutates and it becomes airborne.
That's why millions and billions of people die.
Yeah, he has immunity to it.
He has a natural immunity to it.
And the dog as well?
Well, it seems like it doesn't affect animals.
But during the film, apparently you find out that Will Smith was in the military
and he was working with the virus to try and find a cure for it, right?
Right.
And he's high up in the military.
So he knows what to do as well.
He's a doctor.
Good job he was immune, really.
Yeah, so it works out really well that he's like the hero of the movie.
He's got arms training, military strategic training,
and he's a doctor so he can work on the virus.
And he's immune to the virus.
And he's stunningly handsome.
Yeah, that's true.
All right, so throughout the movie he actually...
He continues to do experiments on rats and other animals
to try and find a cure for the virus
because there is a small amount of people throughout the world
that didn't completely die off but became mutated into these weird creatures.
So if he finds a cure and he inserts it into these weird creatures,
they become human again?
Well, that's the end of the movie, kind of deals with that.
By the end of the movie he kind of...
I don't want to give it away, but he figures it out.
I guess that was giving it away.
Yeah, he figures it out by the end.
That's not giving it away, though.
Well, you have to see what happens.
Yeah, but that's basically what it is.
He's using his own immunity to experiment on the people that are infected.
And he catches the infected.
He actually goes out and he catches them, remember?
He catches them and he brings them back to his lab and he experiments.
So actually what happens is the people that don't die and become infected,
they become very sensitive towards the sunlight, right?
So they can only come out at night.
And they become bald and very aggressive.
Yeah, super duper aggressive.
But they do have some sort of intelligence, he finds.
Yeah, some sort of intelligence.
There's a leader of them.
It's a really shady backstory.
I think I kind of want to go back to the fact that it's just awesome
that he's in New York City and nobody else is in New York City.
And he's trying to get radio signals with everyone and trying to communicate.
No, that's stupid.
That's not stupid.
No, that's not the cool part.
The cool part is that he's hunting deer in the streets of New York.
Real man stuff.
Well, it is actually interesting.
Communicating with others, that's not such a big deal.
That's a sensible thing to do.
That's what you start off doing.
But if you think about it, with this whole swine flu scare and everything,
it's like reality is not so far away from sci-fi.
I mean, obviously swine flu isn't transforming people into like...
Ugly mutants.
Ugly mutants sensitive to sunlight creatures.
Just yet anyway.
But, you know...
Like biological warfare, it's still a possibility, right?
Or even mutations of existing viruses.
Yeah.
It is kind of pessimistic, but it's a reality.
It's possible, right?
Well, you know, I don't know.
If you're talking about epidemic, sure, a lot of people could get sick and die.
Yeah.
But I don't know if they'd ever turn into ultra-violent.
Populations could be wiped out, but not...
There's some pretty terrible stuff out there, though.
We have to admit.
Well, yeah.
I mean, I've seen some people that have some sort of virus,
and their hands and feet kind of become...
They look kind of like a tree.
There's a guy...
Oh, yeah.
Have you seen him?
You can look on the Internet.
He's like the tree man.
He's Indonesian, right?
Yeah, he's Indonesian.
I saw a guy...
When I was in Indonesia, I saw a guy...
The tree man?
Yeah, his skin looks like tree bark.
And his hands and limbs...
There's still lots of growths and lesions.
Was he bone like that?
Or was it...
It's something that's really easily treatable.
But, you know, I mean, it afflicts people that are super different.
Or what about something like elephantitis?
Yeah.
That's not treatable.
That's pretty scary.
But that's something you're born with, isn't it?
No, you can get...
It's not a virus.
You can get bitten by a mosquito.
And bam, you can get elephantitis.
And you can't cure it, seriously.
Is it a real risk, though?
I mean...
Yeah, yeah.
A lot of people suffer from it.
I think it's genetic, man.
I think it's...
Yeah, hereditary.
No, it's...
I saw it on Discovery Channel about...
There's a virus that if a fly bites you, it carries this and it starts growing inside you
and you feel like...
It's not elephantitis.
It's something similar where your limbs inflate.
And they can't do anything about it.
Yeah, they can't do anything about it.
What's that?
But it's obviously not a big risk.
Well, anyways, the movie was great, though.
The movie was great.
Yeah, going back to the movie.
I like Will Smith and he had a dog along with him.
A German Shepherd.
I'm a big dog fan.
Really?
Scarlet could attest to that.
I would never have known that.
She sits across from me and I'm always talking about my dog.
Yeah, I get a daily update about his dog's sleeping patterns.
I'm gonna give a shout out to my dog right now.
What's up, muffin?
He's probably sleeping, Bill.
I'll play it for him.
I'll play for him.
You can go to sleep while he listens to the podcast.
All right, so before we go, why don't we give you the first segment of the movie
so you actually hear the scientist who created the virus that was supposed to help people
and then we'll come back.
The world of medicine has seen its share of miracle cures
from the polio vaccine to heart transplants.
But all past achievements may pale in comparison to the work of Dr. Alice Krippen.
Thank you so much for joining us this morning.
What's up?
So, Dr. Krippen, give it to me in a nutshell.
Well, the premise is quite simple.
Take something designed by nature and reprogram it
to make it work for the body rather than against it.
You're talking about a virus.
Indeed, yes, in this case, the measles virus,
which has been engineered at a genetic level to be helpful rather than harmful.
And I find the best way to describe it is if you can imagine your body as a highway
and you picture the virus as a very fast car being driven by a very bad man,
imagine the damage that car could cause.
Then if you replace that man with a cop, the picture changes
and that's essentially what we've done.
And how many people have you treated so far?
Well, we've had 10,009 clinical trials in humans so far.
And how many are cancer-free?
10,009.
So you have actually cured cancer?
Yes, yes.
Yes, we have.
All right, we're back.
So that's basically how the story starts, right?
Now you see all the details about how many people were treated and all that stuff.
Yeah, and it's interesting because it's an alluring.
It's almost like a warning, you know, that we shouldn't try to give cancer.
Yes, with nature.
Yeah, don't do it.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, I think maybe, you know, there are some things that should be just left a mystery.
All right, so there's actually a new movie coming out soon.
It's called 2012.
It's about the end of the world.
It's another catastrophe movie.
It's horrible.
It's about the end of the world.
The world just ends.
That's just so depressing.
Why would anyone want to see that?
Well, it's based on the Mayan calendar that says that, well, it stops in 2012.
So many people believe that in 2012 there will be a worldwide catastrophe
that maybe the equator is going to invert, so the equator is not going to be the equator anymore.
Oh, yeah, magnetic polar inversion.
Yeah, the world is going to spin on its side or whatever, and everything is going to be chaos.
Tsunamis, earthquakes, eruptions.
I'm interested in these types of things.
Really?
Yeah, there's a phenomenon called a gamma ray burst.
I think it's a supernova black hole or something like that.
Wow.
It shoots out gamma rays, and they can reach all the way across the galaxy,
and then it's such intense radiation they can wipe out life on the whole side of a planet.
And you never know when it's going to happen.
And there's one pointing towards Earth, so they don't know when it's going to start going.
It could be now.
It could be a million years from now.
Great, great.
This is fantastic.
It's great, energetic, positive stuff here at English.
Yeah, guys.
I'm sure everyone's really happy to be listening to this.
All right, so once that movie's out, we'll be talking about that one
and any other catastrophe movies like Armageddon.
Yeah.
Or Titanic.
Or Titanic, yeah.
All right, guys.
So if you have any questions or comments, you can come to the website at EnglishPod.com.
And if you have any suggestions or you want to contact us directly,
please send an email to EnglishPod at PraxisLanguage.com.
And we'll see you guys next time.
Bye.
Bye.
Goodbye.
