Hello everyone, welcome back to another edition of this just in I am joined here with Liliana Mata from Spanish Pod. Hola
Catherine math is the new host of English Pod
Yay
Hey, and myself Marco and today we're gonna be bringing you
Upcoming lessons and some really really exciting and news news. Not even you know the new news
I don't even know the new news. I mean, I know no. Yeah, you do, but don't tell Catherine. Okay
Oh
Are we supposed to talk about how it was my birthday? That's the big news
Oh that was your birthday and today we're having a special dinner in your yes, it's gonna be so cool. Everyone is going
Yeah, everyone's invited. So if you're around come over
We're gonna have what type Oh, no Indian food
And there's a big veggie menu by the way, yes
All right this week on Monday, we're gonna be talking about smoking very popular topic in the office
Don't don't do it. No, it kills your lungs. Yeah. Yeah, Lillian. Ah, yeah. Hello climate. Hey
I haven't smoked in weeks. That's true. And you you you smoke sometimes sometimes very rarely
Usually usually if I go out on the weekends and I'm having a couple of beers
I'll have a couple of cigarettes, but that's the worst you're not only drinking but you're also smoking
You know, you might as well go together. Yeah, just all in
But like for example, you know what I can't do is coffee and cigarettes
I love that
Miss it so much coffee cigarettes in a newspaper is like the best way to wake up. Yeah, I can't I can't smoke in the morning
Me there. No way it has to be after lunch like right after I've had lunch
I'm kind of fooling I could have a cigarette but not before
Well, I'm on the path to quitting and I think it's very healthy. I feel even better now lots more energy
So I encourage people not to start smoking
Especially how cigarette prices in the States or in other countries have gone up so much, right?
Ten dollars a pack in Chicago because the taxes are so exorbitant because it's a way for them to say listen
We can't make regulations that force you to quit. So we're just gonna make them very expensive. Wow here
You can buy ten packs of cigarettes for that much. Yes, you can
You can buy carton for ten bucks. Yeah. Yeah nasty. Alright, so that's what we're gonna be looking at on Monday
You know it it's a habit. Some people like it others don't on Wednesday. We're gonna be telling jokes. Ooh, I love jokes
Yeah, so they're gonna be very not very good jokes
So they're just a little bit of American humor like knock knock who's there
Something like that or like short jokes very short jokes. So you don't actually tell this long story you wrote them didn't you?
No, no, I actually got them off the Internet. So they're not
So they're actually gonna be funny
She said you're not fun. I know
Alright, so we're gonna be
And on Friday, we're gonna be looking at different music genres and actually one of our users asked about American music and genre
So here it is
So what's your favorite music genre?
I'm kind of on
The line of different genres depending on how I'm feeling or what date is we have come on answer
like all right, my my probably my favorite would be
Gothic rock metal what yeah apart from see like for example, I love sad aside and like Latin music
But that's for dancing. Wait Gothic rock metal. Yeah, you yeah
He and his brother are totally into it, man. Oh, that's so scary. Why I don't know. I don't like it
It's just to why why people like this type of music when it makes you so stressed
I hear this type of music and I get stressed
Calm some people down though. Yeah, how it's like like on drugs or something like for example electronic music
That's also like it really gets your blood pumping and everything. No American music. It's all about
Johnny cash Johnny cash is classic. I love Johnny. It's laid back. It's mellow
I'm Bruce Springsteen. No, you don't like Bruce Springsteen
What about well country music right that's really pop I love country music Brooks and Dunn sing a song about the heartland
No, not hitting you okay the Dave Matthews band
No, oh man. What are you like classic rock girl? Give me some cream, you know like Prince cream
What is that?
In a white room with black curtains, no
What is she talking about? It's a band. It's a band in the 70s and the name is cream
Yes, Eric Clapton. That was you know, one of the big star didn't know I didn't know
Classic rock. Well, there are a lot of different genres. For example, I also like listening to
Pavarotti well, I'm showering or something. Yeah me too. I like him. Yeah, but like just him like I wouldn't I don't really like
Female opera singers, do you like you glassy Domingo? Yeah, I mean was good or for example if I'm feeling depressed
I'd listen to sad songs
like well like usually
Ballads in English which are sad or in Spanish, which I didn't know. Is it me? You're looking for
like Lionel Richie and really
I actually really like the Commodore is one of my favorite fans Wow, seriously. Oh
Night long. Oh nice. Yeah, see me too. I like it classics. All right. So those are the three lessons coming up next week
We're gonna have fun with them. They're really interesting and that now time for the big news
All right, so we're coming out with a new show yes
So we're gonna have a new show and it's gonna be all about movie review
Yeah, you're in the show
Nice
So we're gonna be picking a movie and then we're gonna talk about it and we're gonna give our opinions and what we liked about
It what we didn't
Talk a little bit about the plot, you know, etc
So we're gonna be not only you know, giving you our opinions and you can practice your listening
But also pick out different words that you used to express opinion anger frustration
Because I imagine we're gonna have very different opinions on movies. Oh, yeah. Wow. Did I mention I'm a movie buff?
Yeah, you are that's why you're in the show. Yeah, and actually I think John Paz and is also gonna be in this show
Oh, he's just gonna talk about like
obscure Japanese movies
Well, no, we're gonna have like one movies like specifically and then we're gonna talk about it
So I think the one that's coming up soon is a GI Joe
Yeah, it's a it's a great movie so I yeah, we're gonna be talking a lot about apps
Oh
No, it's either that man or
It's either that one or one that
That was well that had great reviews, which was the curious case of Benjamin Button
It was long I didn't watch it cuz everyone I talked to you said it was like just never-ending and kind of boring really
No, it's not true
You just watch it cuz Brad Pitt is like three hours of bread. I heard the Brad Pitt is retiring. He is
It's true he has to he's got a family to take care of now he's got a family of like 20
All right, so that's the great news this new show is gonna air in about two weeks
So look be sure to keep your eyes out for that one. It'll come out in between lessons
Okay, all right. So, uh, that's all for today any suggestions any comments or any other observations you may have
Please go to English pot calm. Hope to see you on the site. But until then
