"-I'm so sorry."
"-Wired on the set.
Quiet, please.
First position, please.
Rolling, action."
Hello, everyone, and welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut.
My name is Marco.
And my name is Catherine,
and we've got a very sad movie we're talking about today.
Right, a very sad movie, but a very good movie.
I think it won the Oscar for Best Picture when it came out.
Yeah, yeah.
So the movie we're talking about today is The Pianist,
directed by Roman Polanski.
And starring Adrian Brody as the pianist in the title.
So this is based on the autobiography of a Polish pianist
that was living in Poland at the time it was invaded by the Nazis in 1939.
And he's famous because he was a really good pianist.
And on top of that, I think he was like the last radio transmission
in Warsaw was him playing the piano.
That's right.
And the story tries to present this situation where he's living in Warsaw,
and the Jews have been ghettoized into this community in Warsaw
where they can't leave, right?
It's a closed community where the Nazis have forced them into.
And the story is of him trying to survive with all of these other Jews.
And it begins with some of the social problems of being a Jew in wartime Poland,
and it kind of grows and builds until it's just horror in the end, and it's all out war.
So this pianist survived the ordeal.
He survived World War II by going into hiding, by escaping the ghetto.
And it's a very interesting story.
As you say, it looks at different aspects of the war.
So it not only says, well, you know, the typical thing that the Germans were bad
and that the Jews had a lot of problems.
But also within their community as well, you can see in the ghettos
that they had a lot of tension among themselves, that they even had police
that became allies of the Nazis, that they were Polish, they were Jews,
and they were keeping an eye on other people.
Right.
So I guess the situation that Roman Polanski, the director, presents is one in which people
are trying to do whatever they can to survive.
And you have some people who think that being an ally of the Nazis
will protect them from Nazi reprisals, and other people
who want to just stay hidden, and other people who want to stand up and fight.
And so you have these different factions within the community,
and people who weren't a part of the community who were put into it.
Because, you know, these aren't just people who were living in a ghetto before.
It was a ghetto that was created kind of for the Jews by the Nazis when they invaded Poland.
So it's a very interesting story because it really recreates this entire part of the city.
I mean, it's just being ravaged by the war.
And I think there's also a very special character
played by Robin Williams, who comes into play later in the movie.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
I think he was a British, I don't know.
He was a Jewish who he bumped into who was living in the attics
who gets executed in the town square.
Oh, that's right.
Isn't that right?
Yeah, I think so.
I think it was Robin Williams.
The other interesting aspect of this was that,
well, Roman Polanski is a survivor of the Holocaust himself.
He escaped the ghetto when he was like seven.
That's right.
He was a very young boy.
And his family actually died, I think, during the Holocaust and everything.
But he portrays this part of the movie, which as we said is based in a true story,
when the pianist is found in one of the houses hiding by a German officer.
And this German officer actually helps him
and allows him to live there and takes food and clothing for him occasionally.
What does he have to do?
The pianist has to play the piano.
But it gives the other portrayal of, you know,
not the Nazis weren't like evil demons.
They were also human that maybe some of them were just following orders
and, you know, they were left with no choice as well.
So they're pretty evil.
I mean, the Nazis.
No, no, I know.
But I'm saying that he doesn't portray that all of them are like,
he actually does say, well, you know what?
There were some exceptions.
There were some people that didn't really want to do this.
And I think this part of the movie is a way of showing that
there wasn't this like complete hatred by part of this officer.
He could have shot him and killed him on site,
but he kept them alive and everything.
And so that's another aspect of it that's pretty interesting.
Definitely.
And what's interesting is that Adrian Brody, I think,
who was kind of unknown before this movie role,
went on to win the Oscar for Best Actor that year.
And very famously kissed Halle Berry when he won.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it was really inappropriate.
He didn't ask her.
He just did it.
And she looked shocked.
So I think that was that year.
But I actually read that he learned
how to play the piano for the role.
Obviously, he couldn't play it as well as in the original guy.
But he said that it was really hard for him
because the whole movie is based on a pianist.
And he has to play the piano.
So he had to learn how to do it.
And he memorized.
He didn't read notes.
He just memorized keystrokes and how to do it.
So yeah, really interesting.
All right.
So we have a clip from the movie.
It's in the very beginning of the movie
where Warsaw is being bombed.
And things are going on.
And everyone's gathered in the living room.
And they're listening to the radio.
And they hear how the British and the French
have declared war on Germany.
So let's listen.
It is expected that the next few hours is no.
All right.
So apparently, they thought that the war would be over really,
really quickly now that Britain and France
were getting involved.
So at this point, the Germans had allied with the Italians.
And they were also still allied with the Russians.
And they had invaded Poland and took over Poland.
And we're heading west.
And that was when the British and the French
decided to wage war.
So the Americans had not gotten involved in the war yet.
The Americans didn't get involved until December 1942,
fairly late in the game.
So things were looking up at this point.
But then they went down quite a ways after.
But it's interesting to see how they thought
that the war would be over immediately now
that the French and the British were involved.
So they're like, oh, we have nothing to worry about.
This is going to be over really fast.
Until the Germans invaded France
and took over mainland Europe.
So it was intense.
I actually didn't know this.
But apparently, Poland kind of disappeared off the map
for a while.
So Germany took over.
And bits of pieces were spread out all over the place.
So there was no Polish territory anymore for a while.
And then they regained their territory
and even part of Germany.
So it kind of stopped existing for a while.
I never knew that.
And then it became Soviet.
I think part of it maybe.
I think so.
Or like borderline.
It's kind of weird because all these countries,
like for example, you had Czechoslovakia
and I have the Czech Republic.
And it's ever changing.
It's really interesting though.
Very interesting.
All right.
So that's all the time we have for today.
If you have any questions, any comments,
please go onto our website, englishpod.com.
And we'll see everyone there.
Hope you enjoy the movie.
And if you haven't seen it yet,
go check it out, The Pianist by Roman Polanski
starring Adrien Brody.
Bye everyone.
Bye.
