Why is- Why is it please, first position please, rolling, action!
Hello everyone and welcome to Director's Cut. My name is Marco.
My name is Katherine and today we're talking about a very exciting new movie based on a great old- well, series of books.
That's right. We are talking about the movie Sherlock Holmes starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law.
That's right. So this movie just came out a little while ago. It's action-packed and full of witty humor
And I thought was very very well acted and generally a fun movie to go see and of course you're saying that this is based
On the books by sir Arthur Conan Doyle, right, but it's also a mix right? It's not the the pure
Version of Sherlock Holmes that he wrote. It's kind of a mix with another kind of comic version
That's right. So Guy Ritchie is the director and he chose a screenplay that was an original story
So instead of having an old story from the old books that everyone knows the ending to he chose a story a
Screenplay that was new and original and had a surprise ending
So the characters are based upon the original novel a lot of the things that go on are based on the novels
But the story in general you can't find it in one of the original books, right?
It's mostly a mix of things. So you have a mix of characters from different stories who come together and
For people who are fans of the books myself included
It's really fun to watch the movie because there are little pieces from different books
stories and jewelry and you know, just little pieces for people who
Maybe recognize them from one of the earlier novels cool. So actually the movie is really interesting
It's in theaters now
So you have to go out and watch it in theaters or wait a couple months until it comes out on DVD
But it's a very interesting story. It starts out immediately with some action. It is very fast paced though
I mean, I even found it kind of hard to follow and understand because we're talking really fast like Robert Downey Jr
Just like yeah, so it's like really hard to understand at times
Well, you know one of the reasons behind this is because the main character Sherlock Holmes and his assistant. Dr. Watson
So Sherlock Holmes is in the stories. He is a drug addict. So he's always taking drugs when he's not
Following a case but when he starts to follow a case that is his drug and so he's obsessed
He has to do everything really quickly and he he's a master of disguises
He's always wearing disguises and going undercover and trying to track down the killer and the funny thing about like Holmes is that
He always knows the answer to the puzzle
But what he has to do throughout the whole story is put the pieces together so he can explain why this person did it
So he knows he always knows exactly what's going on, but you don't and that's why it's brilliant, right?
No, I found it really really interesting, especially how the movie feeds the public little by little
Answers to the puzzle. So something happens you're like what happened and then later little by little they start to explain
How and why and so you're like, oh
That's why well
It's it's one of my favorite things that always happens in Sherlock Holmes books and it happens in the movie is
A scene where Sherlock Holmes shows off how good he is at figuring out clues about people
So for example, he can say you must have been on a camel in Iran recently
You say well, how do you know that he says well
I looked at your boots and you had this special kind of mud that comes only from this certain part of Iran
And the reason I know you were on a camel is because you're wearing
Corduroy pants and corduroy pants always turn gray when a person rides a camel
So he always has bizarre
Silly explanations for things. That's my favorite part. Yeah, I think that was really cool because they were very kind of logical
scientific explanations to
Why and how they deduced everything and they kind of guide the viewer on the journey so you can understand it as well
You're like, oh, okay. So that's why oh and you kind of understand it little by little so that was really cool
So the fun thing is that most people don't understand exactly what's happening even Watson who's trying to follow along
He gets it, but he's never as fast as Holmes. Mm-hmm. And now well, we don't want to spoil the ending or anything, but
I think this is going to become like a like a franchise, you know
Like spider-man or or Harry Potter even I think there's gonna be at least you know
Three or four different movies
Absolutely. And the nice thing with Sherlock Holmes is that you can always have a new story and the reason I think that
They're going to have a at least a sequel
Maybe a third is because they introduce an important character at the end of this movie
For those of you who have read the books you might be familiar with professor Moriarty
Moriarty is the arch nemesis of Sherlock Holmes. He is the evil version of Sherlock Holmes. He's brilliant
He's quick. He can solve a crime, but he's also a master perpetrator of crimes
He always commits crimes and so we'll see what happens. Hopefully it will be safe for
Sherlock Holmes for a little while. Yeah, no, I think definitely what they're going to do is
I don't think they can introduce a new story every time
I think it's gonna be kind of like a Harry Potter situation
you know like one long story where there has to be an ending and
I think that's probably what's gonna happen because
Honestly, I wouldn't really go and watch a movie, you know for different cases like a TV show type thing
But like I would yeah, well because you're really into Sherlock Holmes. Yeah. No, it was fun
How many books are there total? Oh, there's like 35 or something. Wow, that's a lot. Yeah. Well, you know
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle used to write these short novellas
So there are a couple of novels that are longer but they're also very very short little novellas little books
That tell you about the adventures of Sherlock Holmes and so they're not very long and they're there
I would recommend actually if you're learning English you really want to learn about, you know
Novels and you like reading mysteries read Sherlock Holmes some of the language is hard, but the stories are fabulous
No, no, it's I think it's a very good suggestion and definitely worth worth doing it and it's very entertaining at the same time
So you're learning and you're being entertained
Exactly. So we don't have a clip for you obviously because this movie is still in theaters
but we definitely recommend that you go out and watch it and
You know have some fun with it and let us know what you think our website is English pod calm
We'll be waiting for you there. All right. Bye
