Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of this just in I am joined today as always with the Mexican dynamic duo
Yeah, hello
Lilliana Mata and Leonardo Guerrero
Yes, hello. All right. So today we're gonna be talking about a couple of different things
Lily what's on your mind this today? Okay, that's what we're gonna be talking about
Yeah, we want to know what's in your mind today. Yeah, what's going on through your head?
We are very intrigued about your mind. Well, I'm thinking about, you know, the airplane thingy
What airplane thingy their friends plane? Yeah
Yeah, do you know anybody like a friend of a friend? No, no I didn't but I mean and this time like by this time with all
This technology that we have and it just disappeared. That's what I was saying it disappeared. They found the
Remaining's what? Yeah. Yeah, they found they found some of the wreckage. Yeah, but it went out of the reader
Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's creepy man. It's like Lost Island or something. Maybe they're like seriously
Oh in love I was watching Lost last night and getting so good. Where are you using season five?
It's supposed to end season seven. I know it's like a really popular show like in the world
So I imagine some of our listeners also also watch it. Yeah, I'm pretty sure they they they do but I don't know after
You know, they're it got kind of long. Yeah
Confusing not I'm lost
You're lost and lost. Yeah, cuz I've never seen this. You've never seen it
You never know why cuz I'm afraid that if I start seeing it, I'm gonna get so hooked that I
Won't have any social life left
Social life left. That's all you do Leo. Yeah, so it's your life. Yeah, you should watch some loss so you can have less
Exactly. I think it would be better for your body and your mind
Yeah, if I spend more time on watching TV instead of drinking it could be could be good
Yes for my belly and you finally shaved, huh? Yeah, I did. Yeah, that's why when you came in today
I was like he looks clean. It's been three days, baby. Wow, really? He looks younger. You do younger
You don't give up. Yeah about me
No, I do, but you're just on the other side of the office and you don't come often Marco. He comes every day
Yeah, I visit everyone every day see you you don't I'm what you call I've been pretty busy
Well, me too. Everyone has so you have to post some pictures. You never posted the pictures of the before and after
All right, so we'll post the pictures up on there and
Well, we're also gonna be talking about lessons that are coming up this week
Yeah, all right. So lessons lesson number one on Monday. We have something a lesson called a funny thing happened
What kind of funny thing? Well, basically in this lesson
We're gonna be teaching you how to tell a story in of something that happened in the past
That's hard when you're learning English. Yeah, like telling stories of something that happened before. Okay, let's try with you. Oh
All right, tell us a story so yesterday I was in the band camp I
Don't know a funny story, okay, let's move on
He doesn't want to use the past part is no
Actually, yeah. Well, yeah, that's what we're gonna be practicing like simple past. Okay, so it's not that hard then later
We'll we'll get into more difficult grammar. Okay on Wednesday
We have a second part of our old English series. Now, we're gonna be looking at English from the 1960s
Yeah, that's gonna be cool
1960s so fifties was swell swell. Yeah, and now 60s
What is 60s now our 60s we're gonna be talking about like your pad your pad
Yeah, I want to go to your pad. What is the pad a pad is like your home like your house your apartment
Oh, really? Yeah, have you ever heard the phrase bachelor pad?
Bachelor patty. No bachelor pad would you?
Or another one from that era is
Hang loose. Oh that I heard we're just gonna hang loose instead of saying like chill out
So there are a lot of these phrases that we're gonna look at in this lesson
And it's really cool and the music is from the 60s. So that's kind of cool. So about the pad
Can you say like your pad or my pad baby? Yeah
you can
You're hot or my hot
Yeah, that's great your place or my place no, okay, let's move on
All right, and on Friday, we're gonna be talking about Liliana's favorite topic. Yes. What is it? The weather is
The weather Liliana is always coming to the office in tomorrow. It's gonna rain and it never rains
every day
Now every week at least once. Yeah, she likes to think she's a material
No, I don't it's just I always look into my iPhone to see what's the weather gonna be like so I can know
If I'm gonna drive my life where and stuff you two you're holding it now. So shut up
So I always check it but it's always wrong. So yeah. Yeah now I just start to check like I've BBC
BBC weather BBC weather the weather channel is good. Yeah, it's pretty good
So we're gonna be looking at vocab like sunny and sleet, you know, what sleet is. Yeah, I didn't know
I will I kind of knew but I didn't know how to describe it. What is sleet? It's like I want the other
I want yeah, it's like yeah, it's exactly it's like between snow and rain and rain. No, it's that in Spanish. We call it
I want yeah. Yeah, it's like when it's knowing but when it falls to the floor, it's like it's just no, no
It's like a slushy imagine like a slushy is falling
You don't know what I want you baby. That's how I knew it. It's like like snow and like rain
Really you're gonna talk about when it falls
There's no cuz it makes it with the water. It just disappears. Why are you talking?
American pie and it's like that
Too many languages here. I really don't know what maybe our French listeners can give us a hand
What would you call sleet a mix between snow and water? So it's kind of a weird
Thing. All right. So those are our three lessons for next week. We're talking about weather the 60s
We're gonna have fun and now it's time for us to take a look at user of the week. Yeah
Where's he from this time? Well, actually we are not gonna talk about a specific user of the week
We're gonna talk about our countries. That's cool. All right, I'm sure of the week the country of the week
What's the country of the week country of the week this week is Japan?
How do you got all?
All right, so we have a lot of Japanese listeners, but not many of them actually comment on the site
But we know that we know they're there. Okay Japanese, please people just comment
Don't be shy. Don't be shy. We like you. Yeah, we don't care if you make mistakes
Everybody does everybody makes mistakes. Yes
everybody does
Okay, that's hurts. No don't say
All right, so yeah Japanese listeners we know that you really want to learn English so come to the site be sure to comment we
Were there to help and of course everyone in the community, you know what? I noticed when I went to Japan, hmm that
There's a lot of people that do speak English, but they're so like shy about it
So like you're trying to ask a question and and it will take him like really long time to really
Express that they speak English like they will not talk to you and at the end they do speak English
And like very well, you're like you speak or you don't speak
No, I think they just get like very shy because they're very yeah
They get nervous and also because they're very like perfectionist, you know
So they they're really good at so many things that they want to be like really good at language before the way Japan rocks
Japan is so good
Nice country. All right, so Japanese
Come to the site and then we'll be looking at other countries as well
And we have some exciting news and features that will be coming out within the next two months
No way the way so we'll keep you informed on what those changes are. We're not gonna say anything now, but
We are gonna have some changes to the site. We are gonna have maybe some new services at it
So be sure to keep on tell us I can't tell it's secret pretty please. No pretty pretty pretty, please
Really, please. Okay, please. No, no, it's not gonna work. No
He's hesitating, okay, they cut a piece of cloth
Okay, that is wrong
You cannot say take out a piece of cloth take out a piece of cloth
I listen to English part
Okay, guys, so that's all for this week
We'll see you guys next time and if you have any suggestions or any questions, please let us know and we'll see you guys next time
