Hello, everyone, and welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut.
Hey.
Hey.
Action.
Hey, everyone.
Action.
All right.
So I'm joined here today, as always, with Catherine.
Hello.
And today, we have two special guests.
We have William.
Hello.
William is working now, well, he's kind of divided in half between English Pod and also
DRMs.
Yeah, I'm doing two things at once right now, but that'll change soon.
Yeah, you're two in one, but that's okay because you're a good guy.
Thank you.
And John, again.
Hey, hey.
You're not such a good guy, John.
Yeah, I know.
All right.
So John, as you know, is our leader in battle with the technology here at Praxis.
And he's also one of the most critical people in the movie industry, right?
You could say that.
And today, we're going to talk about Pulp Fiction.
So, okay, quick question, did you guys like it or not?
Of course.
One of my favorite movies of all time.
Favorite of all time.
Like a billion times.
A billion times.
John?
No.
See, this is why we invite John.
He does not like Pulp Fiction.
Why don't you like Pulp Fiction?
It's just kind of weird.
People don't talk like that.
What do you mean they don't talk like that?
You know, what movie do people actually talk like, you know, in real life?
Good Dialogue defines a lot of movies, man.
The dialogue is usually like what people would wish they could say, but could never actually
come up with on the spot.
Maybe documentaries, but...
Plenty of good movies have that.
So you're saying like Pulp Fiction?
As does Pulp Fiction.
Like, are they too long the dialogue or the incoherent or what?
They're just kind of ridiculous and exaggerated.
Some people might like that.
I just don't like it.
The funny thing is that that's one of the defining characteristics of the genre.
What genre is this?
So it's a statement on, you know, well, the word Pulp Fiction, right?
Pulp is the genre.
Oh, that's the genre, Pulp.
Like the magazine.
Exactly.
Pulps used to be books or magazines that were kind of broken up into different stories and
the stories would kind of come together in different ways and they were kind of intense
and short and in your face.
I see.
So in this movie, we have a lot of great stars, right?
We have John Travolta, Samuel L. Jackson, Uma Thurman, and I also saw Bruce Willis in
there.
Bruce Willis, yeah.
And...
Eric Stoltz.
This is this big guy called the guy from The Green Mile.
Is that the same guy?
I don't know.
Ving Rames is Marcellus Wallace in the movie.
Is that?
Is he in Green Mile?
The guy that played the villain in Daredevil, Michael.
And the director, Terence, even himself appears in the movie, which never helps.
He always appears.
And he always does it, too.
He always appears in all his movies, right?
Yeah.
He's a lovable character.
So this is the thing.
You don't like Tarantino?
He's so annoying.
He is.
He is.
I mean, he's great in his awfulness in that role.
Why do you say he's annoying?
The way he talks.
Exactly.
That's kind of how he talks, though.
I know.
Interviews with him are awesome.
So okay.
Quentin Tarantino is known for his very violent, very cruel at times movies, right?
Pulp Fiction is one of them.
What is another Tarantino film?
Reservoir Dogs is one he did earlier than Pulp Fiction.
Reservoir Dogs is an awesome film, I must say.
Yeah.
He also did Half of the Grindhouse movie duet.
Right.
Yeah.
And was in his...
Kill Bill.
Kill Bill.
One and two.
Kill Bill.
One and two.
So also kind of gruesome.
And also kind of...
I think Kill Bill was kind of fantastic, though, right?
Fantastical or fantastic?
Because it's both, in my opinion.
Well, like...
Yeah.
Too much fantasy in that movie.
Oh, yeah.
But that's why it's great.
And also, like, he gets kind of fixated on these areas or genres.
And so that one, he's really fixated on, like, Japan, Japanese culture and, like, yeah,
comic books.
Right.
And he does throw in a lot of genres in that one.
So he does the Japanimation segment.
There's the spaghetti western part of the movie and the Chinese kung fu part.
I mean, that's kind of the genius of Tarantino, I think, is that he can encompass these genres
and do them really well, you know.
And he loves the 70s.
Yeah.
He's really into the setting, right?
You know, the lowrider cars and the bright colors and the big hair.
Have you ever seen the movie Death Proof?
Yeah.
That's the one that was in the Grand House.
Yeah.
Also very 70s and very...
But like femme.
Like, very, very femme.
You've got these great female characters who kick ass.
Oh, yeah.
That's true.
So it's like girl power.
Yeah, I like it.
That's why you like it, yeah.
And it's a role reversal because you've got, like, these chicks who just kick the crap
out of this asshole guy who's trying to maybe kill them.
That part's kind of cool.
Yeah.
I loved it.
And they're pretty bad ass, too, because they're like adrenaline freaks, like they're
adrenaline junkies.
And so they have to, like, climb on the car and, like, hold on to the car while they're
going 100 miles an hour down the highway in the southwest.
Is this a recent movie?
It came out, like, three years ago.
So this is a bunch of different directors?
Two directors.
Collaborated.
Two directors collaborated and each did one of the other, one movie.
Okay.
Actually, yeah.
Yeah, I think they also...
It's two of them.
Yeah, the Grand House, right?
All right.
So apart from this, the dialogue, as we were talking about with John, it's...
Wait, wait.
One more thing.
What?
The dialogue is important if you're learning English because you don't want to just learn
a bunch of weird English that you're never ever going to use, right?
Because that's what Pulp Fiction is.
Is it really?
Well, I think it's very...
It's very...
It's obviously they have a lot of bad words in that movie.
I don't know, like, how many times they actually drop the F bomb and this and that.
So it is very cruel language at some point.
But I don't know, like, we have a clip lined up right now.
It's a small clip.
It's a small clip about an extract from the movie.
They're in the car and they're just talking about, you know, whatever random thing.
Okay.
So let's listen.
You know what the funniest thing about Europe is?
What?
It's a little different, Jesus.
I mean, they got the same shit over there that they got here, but it's just...
Just there.
It's a little different.
Example.
All right.
Well, you can walk into a movie theater in Amsterdam and buy a beer.
And I don't mean just, like, a little paper cup.
I'm talking about a glass of beer.
And in Paris, you can buy a beer in McDonald's.
And you know what they call a quarter pounder with cheese in Paris?
They don't call it a quarter pounder with cheese?
I mean, they got the metric system.
They don't know what the fuck a quarter pounder is.
And what do they call it?
They call it the Royale with cheese.
Royale with cheese.
That's right.
What do they call a Big Mac?
Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call it Le Big Mac.
Le Big Mac.
What do they call it?
I don't know.
I didn't go on a burger chicken.
You know what they put on french fries and hollins instead of ketchup?
Or what?
Mayonnaise.
I've seen them do it, man.
They fucking drown them in this shit.
All right.
We're back.
So did you know that the quarter pounder with cheese in France is called the Royale with
cheese?
Did you know that before you watched this movie, John?
No.
See?
You learned something from both things.
This movie dropped some knowledge on you.
This movie came out when I was 11, okay?
It's a good example of kind of not the most high frequency language.
Right.
Well, yeah.
I don't know.
But they did use things like they said the metric system.
That was interesting.
They used the metric system in France.
Well, and part of language learning, John, is about being able to appreciate new movies,
books, parts of culture that wouldn't necessarily make as much sense in a translated version.
And so this is kind of one of the benefits of learning a language.
You get exposure to all these great, fun, interesting, or gruesome forms of entertainment.
And that's fun if you can listen to it in its original language.
Or you can study really hard and lots of words and then watch Pulp Fiction, file to understand
it and have a big letdown.
Well, it was very difficult to understand because their accent is also a little bit
hard to understand the way John Travolta talks and also Samuel L. Jackson.
They both have a little bit of twang, which is kind of a kind of American speech that
–
Kind of southern.
Yeah, sometimes southern, a little kind of like this, you know.
So it was a little bit hard to understand.
John, like if you were learning English, would it be very hard to understand this movie
without subtitles?
Well, I'm not a non-native speaker, but I think it would be.
If you're advanced, you know, give it a try.
And this is, I would like to add, one of the most famous lines from the movie.
I mean, everyone knows this line.
And so if you ever reference it, I'm sure the person you're talking to will recognize
where I came from.
That's true.
The cultural aspect.
Yeah, the cultural aspect because this movie is considered to be an icon of the 90s, right?
Absolutely, a cult favorite, if you will.
And the scene where Uma Thurman and John Travolta are dancing and they're doing the
eye thing and you know whatever, that also is considered to be one of the most famous
scenes.
It's very, very recognizable, right?
Yeah, they're doing the twist and they're doing the cat eyes.
The cat eyes.
That's what that's called.
That's what it's called.
Really?
Cat eyes.
I didn't know that either.
That makes sense.
I just made it up.
You just coined the phrase then and now it's recorded forever.
So yeah, it is an icon.
Did it win any awards?
I'm sure it did.
Yeah, I think, I don't know if it won any major awards like the, like any Oscars or
I doubt it.
I think it definitely won some like Sundance Awards, Cannes Film Festival type of things.
Now it's a very long film, right?
It lasts like two and a half hours.
Yeah, but if you think about it, it's like five stories rolled into one.
You've got the boxer, you've got the gangsters, you've got the mind that gets lost, you've
got the guy who gets caught up, well I'm not even going to mention that one, but that's
an M basement.
So yeah, with Bruce Rose, I kind of erased that from my memory, thanks for bringing
that back.
So John, you are known to only have a very short span when watching a movie that you
don't enjoy.
You actually finished this movie.
Of course.
You did.
That's not true.
If the movie is good, I'll watch the whole thing.
So it is good.
So it is good.
Have you only seen this movie?
Let me clarify that.
This movie is cultural homework.
Cultural homework.
You need to watch it so that you could connect with your peers, but you might
not like it.
I do think, I do think it requires effort though.
This movie, you can't just watch it once.
You really need to watch it a few times because the way the story unfolds and the
timing, you really need to step back and kind of think about it and watch it.
Did you watch it more than once, John, or did you only watch it once?
I think I only watched it start to finish once, but I have seen parts again.
So you watched it out of peer pressure because you didn't want to be left out
of the conversations back in school.
Curiosity.
And peer pressure.
But it was one of the first movies.
It was one of the first movies in that kind of slew of 90s movies to do that,
what Bill's saying, where it's not a linear narrative.
It's not like a linear story where, you know, it's 11 o'clock in the morning,
and it's noon, and then it's one o'clock.
But like Tarantino takes pieces from later in the story and he puts them at the beginning
and so you see things that don't make sense.
And finally at the end, it's really satisfying because you're like, oh, that's why he was
wearing that ugly shirt.
It's because he lost his other one.
It's really, I think there's something really satisfying about that when you're watching
a movie and you kind of put the pieces together.
Definitely.
And it did kind of start a trend too.
There's movies later on.
Yeah, Memento.
Memento being the very obvious one.
And then with Lost, with having flashbacks and flash forwards.
I really bothered me when they had the flash forwards.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
Lost.
All right, so, well, on a rating, giving A plus being the best, what would you rate
this movie?
What would you grade it?
I would put it at an A plus.
For me, it was like, it was really a milestone movie for me because I was, like Katherine,
I was 11, 12 years old when I first saw it.
How were your parents letting you watch this, like, cruise?
I didn't watch it with my parents.
No, I had a friend named Ashley and her parents didn't care.
So we used to go over to her house to watch R rated movies, like Speed, Speed came out
that year too, I think.
Speed is R rated.
Speed is R rated.
Oh, yeah.
I was.
Believe me, my parents would not let me see it.
Was that Keanu Reeves' first R rated film?
Yeah, probably.
And only.
After Dracula, probably.
All right, so Katherine, how would you rate this movie?
I'd give it a solid A.
Solid A.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, A and John?
I'm a generous guy.
I'll give it a solid C plus.
C plus?
Wow.
Oh, man.
Was graded better than that.
Ouch.
You put Twilight ahead of perfection, John.
Oh, boo.
I didn't rate Twilight.
I didn't watch Twilight.
John, it's cultural homework.
People are talking about it.
Mm, I'll think about it.
Sometimes you don't do your homework though.
Only if you're a bad student.
All right, so it's an interesting film if you haven't watched it.
Try and watch it.
We do warn you.
Do not let your kids watch it.
Yeah, don't let your kids watch it.
It is very graphic.
There is a lot of blood.
A lot of swearing going on.
Colorful language.
Colorful language, as you say.
But as John says, it's cultural homework.
Watch it.
It is a little bit of an insight to American culture at some point.
Yeah, wow.
We don't really cook.
Or it's a good thing to study if you want to learn how to use the F word.
Yeah, also, yeah.
It's very interesting because you can see how it's an adjective, a noun, an adverb.
It's the most common.
It's conjugated in every way.
Also, how to put it together with other words to make more colorful statements.
Or you can conjugate it with other F words and you can have it as a whole sentence could
be using the F word, right?
We'll have to ask Matt about that.
I think he would be the expert.
All right, guys.
So that's all for today.
I hope you enjoyed it.
Please leave your questions and comments on the site.
And if you have any counter arguments against John, because I'm sure a lot of angry people
are going to be out there.
Or against us.
Or against Catherine Bill.
There's probably more people who disagree with me and Bill, so.
You can leave your suggestions there as well and we'll see you next time on Director's
Cut.
Goodbye, everyone.
Bye.
Bye.
