Hello everyone welcome to another edition of this just in I am joined here with romance language duo
Catherine Mathis from Italian pod. Hello everyone and also the new host of English pod
So Kevin you're like all over the place yeah, I try to be in all place at the same time like to call me
All right, Lilliana
Okay
Lilliana Mata from Spanish pod. Hello, and you're also all over the place
You're on this just in now you've made your way into this English program. I'm also in French pod now Wow and
fun
Is it fun? What do you do on French pod?
I I do the the show of Boulivu Chante avec moi. It's really good
So it's like dance like karaoke. No, what is it? What are you gonna say? Is it dancing? I was gonna say dancing
Yeah podcast of dancing. That's kind of difficult. We did one. No, that's a video cast
That's a video cast. All right, and we have also Leonardo Guerrero who is not wearing headphones from Spanish pod as well and marketing
Hello, so what's new in marketing? Oh
Any promotions going up for us for English, but no, I'm sorry. Not yet
So please send your complaints for lack of promotions to Leonardo dot Guerrero at Praxis language calm
All right, so we're gonna be looking at this week's upcoming lessons on Monday
We're gonna be looking at one called deadline. So you have to meet deadlines
Or related missing a deadline
so it's one of those common situations when maybe you're a little bit late on
You know handing in a report or something and that your boss is giving you a lot of slack slack Liana knows a lot about that
You know, you're a pretty strict boss. I think
No, I'm not you're not
Well, no, I'm I am a bit but you know, I'm almost no
Is that because I'm also disciplined if people ask me for something I do it, you know
Sometimes if I forget then I have to beg and be like, I'm so sorry. Well, so you beg for forgiveness. Yes
What about you Catherine? You also manage a lot of personnel. Yeah
There's only so far you can go with people like well, I'm not gonna say his name, but
No, that's okay, I'm just kidding for all you French people out there very disciplined
Well, I think it yeah, it is like a little bit different cultural cultural, right yeah
There's a very I think Anglo American notion of like getting things done on time almost to a fault
Like it's it's sometimes problematic because you can't be very flexible and the other end there are some
There's some people who and I'm not gonna say cultures with some people
Who don't really think of deadlines as fixed things. It's like more or less. You should get it done by this date
Like we're aiming for Thursday me but Mondays, but you know, I mean, I think it's also part of culture
I would say like of course there's people that are not like that at all
So it's very difficult to fight against that but you know the problem for example in Mexico when you ask for a deadline
It's terrible because they never asked for the real deadline. So if you need it for like Monday
You're gonna ask for it like before like before so that gives you a week for that person to be like
Well, maybe I mean like all with these excuses and it's terrible. I think I learned a hard way in University in Canada
Oh, yeah, you did like
Thought there was this
Send me that line, you know, so I will like
Not do it for that date. I had to do it and then well I
Failed I failed you would try to like give it to your teacher like come on. I can bring it next week
No, I say it was for this week
But come on
Maybe it's a guy thing my brother's the same way. He'll like email the professor and say listen, I'm so sorry
I know there's a paper today. How about I get it to you on Monday?
The professor's like no, he's like no seriously like I could send it to you now. I did it
I just I want to make sure it's perfect. I hate when people say that and so every single time
He has a project to do it's like a week late. I think yeah with excuses
You know, there are a lot of excuses, but it's just better to say, you know, like in Mexico
Yeah in Mexico in school
There's a lot of teachers that if you don't hand it in that day
You have to hand it in that on the deadline
You can hand it in like the day after and you're gonna have like point five less. Yeah
So there's not such a big deal right so you can wait a couple days
Yeah, but it's Sarah. But in Canada doesn't happen like that, you know, it's just like it's like 10% where I come from 10%
Per day Wow. Yeah
In university what I went to is like no you didn't hand it in sorry, yeah too late
Yeah, too late. Yeah, my school was like that. Yeah, like like that if you don't hand it in that's it
Alright, so we're gonna be talking about that and we'll teaching you some vocabulary and language related to
asking somebody to be on time with their projects and also
You know trying to explain why you didn't meet the deadline because sometimes you do have some reasonable excuses
Why you know like although you can't really justify because you should have had it done like two days before a day before died
Yeah, or something like that or dog ate my homework
Wednesday we're gonna be looking at I'm sorry. I love you part 10. This is the finale of
The series. So this is where it ends the thrilling conclusion. Oh, it is exciting. So
Yeah, what has happened actually you don't even know the story well, it's a love story
Yeah, my character fell in love with
Depies character and they had this whole romance and then the romance kind of broke up and then she was being stalked by her doctor
Who was actually a lover from her burbs a crush from her past?
Mm-hmm, and she does his pretty much. She wasn't pregnant and then she got saved again by her
on again off him boyfriend this guy and
Well, she discovers he has a very secret past in the the I don't know
Indian CIA operative. Yeah, he was Indian. Yeah, he was for the Indian intelligence agency. Oh, we're gonna get cool. I'm on this
Yeah, he's his brother, but they're still not together again. There's been some problems. He asked her to marry him
She said no in a shocking shocking move in episode 9
So we're gonna find out what happens in episode 10. How does this story end? Yeah, she says she didn't want to get married and everything
Go girl
Well done. So we'll see what happens and I'm sorry
I love you 9 and on Friday. We have a very special very cute lesson called baby talk
Maybe I hate baby talk you hate baby talk
Why do you hate baby? Why do people she does it with your husband? Yeah, you do it with your husband
I never said that I was married. Never I never talk about my personal life. Nothing. No, you just you do it sometimes
Yeah, I heard you doing it sometimes
Yeah, hell no, even if you don't believe so Lilliana has a sweet side
Thank you Leo, that's very nice of you. Wait, so why don't you like baby talk? I just think it sounds stupid
Actually, I hate when people talk to babies like that
Actually, it's really bad for kids some babies to be you know, talk to you like a baby
I talked to my dog like that. Some people talk to the elderly like that. Oh, really?
That is lack of respect. Hi, mrs. Johns. How are you today? Are you okay?
Hate it. I think it's it's disrespectful. It is
Yeah for the babies, it's like
What no, it's it's a human
Good like when you take a little I think it just makes people look stupid. Yeah, that's true
I think it's more embarrassing for the adult who's like
So, why is it so popular? Why is it so common? Why do people do it?
I think you do it because you want to get out of like you want to get something out of the person
So you're trying to be nice, but like if you talk to a baby like that, is it just that you're like
nice and sweet side is coming out manifesting itself like
through this weird baby talk
I think it's basically a filling or a reaction you get when you see a baby, you know
You're trying to communicate with the baby
So you think that the baby the only way he's gonna understand you is by you talking baby talk
But the baby talk is it's a human being it's not like he has a different language
And which is baby talk like I can't do baby talk in English for some reason whenever I talk to baby has to be in Spanish
Yeah, me too. You know, you talk to any animal. I've seen you like talk to dogs like the rabbit
Kids when he's talking like Spanish and you're talking. Yeah
Yeah, like we know they speak English they don't speak Spanish but for some reason it's kind of like instinct
Yeah, me too immediately. I see a baby. I talked to them in Spanish. It's my it's your instinct
You know, I don't talk to them at all. They just freaked me out
You know like kids I like kids but they freaked me out a little bit can be honest I
I just in fact, I was just reading the babies understand dogs what? Yeah
I'm serious. There's this
There was this study made in the US and they put all this like brain thing
You know to like for the brainwaves and the baby could react very different to a dog barking. Oh, yeah
I saw something about it. I was at Disney movie
Okay, I don't get what you say I'm gonna send you the
Article that has this information. You're gonna have to post it on the
Because everyone's gonna be oh, but it's in Spanish. I'll look for it in English, but it's true
I have my doubts. I mean if I were a baby a dog would freak me out my cage it would go
Yeah, my brainwaves would be imagine this hairy thing coming up to you like trying to lick your face. Oh, that's cool
No, I hate when dogs like my face, but anyways
So yeah, we're gonna be looking at baby talk
It's really popular and well you're gonna get some of these words that you use so like instead of saying little you say whittle
Oh, no, please. Okay. Give us an example. Come on
Are it like when you say the baby, you know goes to the bathroom in the diaper, right?
You say we we did a we we now we we is when they pee
Yeah, or do a little weighty and do do is when they when they poo. Yeah
Or defecate as we would put it in. That's a terrible terrible word
We we are doo doo. No, no, no do do defecate
We all defecate now, there's a book called we all poop
It's about it's about teaching children about toilets and why we used toilet training
How old were you when you got a toilet?
How old are you Lilliana when you got potty trained when you were potty I have no idea
No, no idea I have no clue no, no, that's something to ask your parents
Yeah, like when we were because I've seen children that are like seven years old and they're still wearing like extra large diapers
Oh, no, no, yeah, that's true. That's true or children that are like nine years old and are still on the bottle
Yeah, no, that's a problem. No, you know, what's the worst kids that are like five-year-olds and they're getting still breastfeeding
Yeah, yeah, there's that's yes
There's women that they breastfeed them for like, oh, there's women that do that for almost three or four years
But your body only lactates for like no the body lactates as long as the baby's still like feeding like house. Yeah
No, it's not
You're right, you're right that is gross. I thought you were seeing the cow
No cows, whatever. We're all mammals. That's that's one of the big distinguishing features of mammals, right that we are able to
The female of the species breastfeed, but you know that we are the only species that drinks
milk when we're adults
It's we are the only one on earth course cuz cows doesn't don't get like other cows
No, I'm talking about every single animal in like the earth. We're the only ones
We have cows to to give us milk. That's my point. We shouldn't be doing that milk shouldn't be vegan now
No, I'm not but we but that's because we're smart. Yeah
Cheese and cheese is a dairy product. No, I know I know
I like the only
species date that eat cheese, do you know?
I think we're also the only species that wears baseball caps
All right, so those are the three lessons that are coming up let us know what you think about
baby talk about potty training about breastfeeding about all these topics that we've just talked about and
That's pretty much it. Any questions? Any doubts? There's no country this week
All right. So the country of the week this week is
It is
Italy
Do you know any words in italian? Of course I do not say them on air because they're dirty
No pepper, yeah
That's pretty good. I learned it from italian pod italianpod.com. What was uh, what was the other one?
The one that I always that I know is cigarette
La machineta photographica
Photo camera camera
You see we know a lot machineta is like a little machine like a vending machine. Ah, see you were almost right
You were talking about a vending machine that sells cameras
See I know what he was referring to so italy congratulations. Good job. We have a lot of italian listeners
Um, send us a coffee, please coffee italian coffee. Oh, yeah
That'll be great. Or how about some
Amazon cheese
That will be it's crazy. How serious coffee is for itallians, right?
Like they can't you know, like drink a cappuccino at like in the morning. It's like no, that's ridiculous
No, but you drink an espresso you go downstairs you go to the bar and you get an espresso and then boom you start
Yeah, then you have one after lunch because at lunch you slow down you get tired you go boom have another one
And then at night they have another one after dinner. Yeah, huh?
So like actually starbucks
They focus that they went to italy and see the way it was working and they try to imitate it in america
But it wouldn't work is you know coffee like the espresso shots are too small like and you're trying to sell them for five dollars
No way, but then they came out with the latte we made it like huge and then america's were happy
Did you read that from that book that you have in the bathroom?
Yeah, so uh, congratulations italy
Good job on the coffee bathroom wisdom from leo. Yeah bathroom wisdom from leo
All right. So be sure to come to englishpot.com leave your questions and comments there
Keep on studying keep on chucking. Keep on listening comments. We're going brawling today
And uh, yeah, visit our uh other websites spanish pod, you know, you can listen to lillian and leo there and italian pod
So all right. We'll see you guys there. Bye
English pod
