Hello everyone and welcome to a new edition of This Just In, my name is Marco.
And I'm Erika.
And we're your hosts for EnglishPod and in this show we're going to be talking a little
bit about all the news and important things that are going on at EnglishPod.
That's right, this is a show where you can find out about everything that's happening
here at EnglishPod and you know there's a lot going on right now.
Exactly, we're really excited because we just started last week, didn't we?
Yeah, that's right.
And we're in the beta phase of our website.
Can you explain a little bit about the beta phase, Marco?
Well, at the moment we're coming out with three lessons per week.
That's right, so Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays we put out a new lesson.
And this will be going on until...
February.
Right.
And also the really interesting thing about our beta phase is that anyone who signs up
now will have free access to the entire EnglishPod website and all the material until
February.
Yeah, that's a great deal.
So make sure you keep listening and take advantage of our free trial period.
So be sure to visit our website at EnglishPod.com because you can also find a lot of interesting
and useful resources.
That's right, if you're using EnglishPod from iTunes you're going to want to go to
our website because there you can download the PDF file so you can review the dialogues,
you can look at the key vocabulary from each lesson, look at some expansion sentences or
sample sentences from each lesson.
And the most important and most exciting thing about the website is you can actually talk
to us at EnglishPod by leaving your comments and questions on the website for us.
Exactly.
We get there all the time to answer your comments and questions and we're always interacting
with our users.
And speaking of users, we would like to talk about our two users of the week since we've
been on the air for two weeks already, we have two star users.
The first one we'd like to recognize and say a big thank you to is Light.
Light, yes.
Light has been a really active member of our community and even though he is a native
English speaker, he has really been helpful in commenting and helping out the rest of
the listeners.
So Light, if you're listening, a big thank you from Marco and Erica at EnglishPod.
Right, Light.
And also we would like to give a big shout out to Louis Hutlick.
Louis Hutlick, you're a great user, you've been leaving us a lot of fabulous questions
so big thanks to you.
And apparently he studies really hard because he listens to all the lessons and he's a
constantly asking questions and participating in the community.
So now we want to let you know what's coming next week at EnglishPod.
That's right, next week we've got three new exciting lessons and I think my favorite
lesson from next week is called Silence Please.
Silence Please, it's a really fun lesson and you can get some really useful phrases
from that lesson.
Yeah, it's a lesson about how to tell people to be quiet.
And it's really fun so hopefully everyone will get a chance to listen to it.
But also I want to remind our listeners that you can send in your lesson suggestions.
Maybe you want a lesson about, I don't know, hospitals so we'll gladly do one on that.
If you have any good ideas for lessons that you want to see on EnglishPod, please send
your request to us at EnglishPod.com.
Yes and we'll happily do one for you but now we have to go.
Be sure to listen to our new lesson on Monday and we'll see you there.
Okay, bye bye!
