Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of this just in I am here again with our friend at Gulam Subhani
Marco
And we have Catherine. Hello, and we're gonna be
Talking about upcoming lessons some news and you know the regular stuff. So how is everyone good salty?
Yeah, you were see we were eating
Like looking into the bottom of an empty glass. It's very very disconcerting. Can you get some water?
So pop quiz, do you know who invented peanut butter?
The army the army Carter
Jimmy Carter
What I know it was designed for the army
No, because of his high 14 value and they couldn't it was it wouldn't go bad
It was one of the reason peanut butter doesn't go bad and no delicious. I understand that honey never goes bad
No peanut butter. It's the same case. Like it'll last for 10 years. I guess or something
They've discovered honey in like ancient Egyptian tombs and it's still good still edible, you know back
It's like archaeologist licking it. Yeah, he's like this is honey
During the World War days
Remember you must have seen some clips where they're dropping food for the military
They used to drop like loaves of bread and then peanut butter. Really? Yeah, I actually talking about world war
I actually saw the pianist for the first time. I thought never seen it before
Nothing, I love I love them. It was it was a I cried some I cried you did
You know the part he climbs out he has no food he finds a can he's
Open it and you're like because I love food
My eyes
watered up in the scene where
the German officer finds him in the house and tells him to play the piano and
You see he starts very slow and you think he won't be able to play because his hands were a little bit weird
And he was very weak
but then
The way that he played and just kind of released all this time that he hadn't played the piano and just the strength
Of how he played the museum. It was just it was amazing more than actually sad. It was just very I kind of
Felt what he was feeling just relieving all that pressure. It was it was a great movie
So we'll actually talk about that when I think on the director's cut because I think it's it's the movie that's definitely worth it
I think it's a good movie. Everyone has to watch it. All right going on to brighter news
It was I can't remember his name, but it's peanut butter month in November and
It was invented by an african-american in the United States whose name you don't know
I had it on the tip of my tongue and
But you know what it was him we can leave it for our listeners. Oh, yeah, they prove me right or wrong
All right on going on to better news as I mentioned
We have we talked about the exercises. We have the exercise tab now
So just a reminder continue to use that if you have any feedback on it
Let us know but be sure to update your browser. Mr. Supani. You are in charge of customer service
You can tell us a little bit more. Yeah, sure. Like have you had any problems? No, so far no complaints
users are quite happy are very happy with the exercises, but
We are not too sure if they're gonna be problem-free because they're new. So it's it's possible
They might have some problems
So we request all the users to bear with us and report all the problems
the best thing is rather than
Getting angry or frustrated and shutting down the side of closing the browser. Just let us know right will fix it
Yeah, okay. I've tested it on Chrome Google Chrome and it works fine
I understand that an Internet Explorer you need to update it to the newer version at least
I think it's Internet Explorer 7 or 6 and
Firefox hasn't had any problems yet either. Firefox is problem-free. I think it was designed specifically for Firefox. So it should be problem-free
If you're using Safari or Opera
We're not we're not completely guaranteed that it's problem-free, but it does seem to work. Let us know
Yeah, let us know and on other news. We have great lessons coming up this week on Monday. We're gonna be moving. Oh
I forgot to pack
Well in on this occasion our lease is up
Okay, so we have to find a new place we have to and we're talking about one more money
Maybe getting a real estate agent
It's such a mess it is it is and sometimes
It's so hard to find an apartment that you are forced to live with someone else or maybe go back to your parents house
Yeah, I don't think anyone really enjoys that going back home, although it is a little bit awkward I think right I
Don't know if it's awkward. It's just kind of depressing because you already moved out then you're moving back in
It's like a step back back. Yeah, you know it is and then you don't have the same amount of privacy or freedom
Yeah, and then you have to you have to respect what your parents want
You have to respect their rules, right and you have to clean about yourself and do the laundry and help wash the dishes
So you're basically forced to have good habits again
Yeah, who wants that?
well
Do you think if you were to live with your parents again as adults?
Do you think the rules may change like treat you differently than when you were a teenager? Absolutely not. No
Same curfew same rules. I never had a curfew. So pretty much the same. I had to expect me to be
Responsible and to take care of my stuff and to help out when they need me to on their clock
So that's why you would not move back right even when I go in for the holidays
It's like Catherine. We need you to change the rug in the other room and move these boxes and do the laundry
Yeah, I noticed that with parents like as soon as you go home and even though you're on holiday
It seems like you were always wanted over there. It's like oh you need to do this
It's like what what would ever happen if I had not shown up
What were you doing for like the year that I wasn't here?
Yeah, I know because back at home. My parents have this habit. They like to drink good cold chills water straight out of the refrigerator
So what they do is they have a couple of empty bottles like good quality bottles
And then we fill them up put them back in the refrigerator
So as soon as I get home for a holiday or something, they're like, all right, you do it from tomorrow. I'm like, whoa
I just got here. I'm on holiday. I'm not doing anything. They're like you have to live here. You have to do it
Yeah, but then I wonder like
How are they able to do it without me when I'm not there?
All the time, I guess you're talking about this now you'll have children in the future you look back you listen to this podcast
And you'll be doing exactly the same with your children
Alright so on
Tuesday we're gonna be looking at directors cut and on this occasion. We'll talk about the movie Bruno
Well, we had a very lively discussion about Bruno, so I'm curious to know what the users think about it
but Bruno is famously offensive and loud and
He's just trying to be funny, right? He's just trying to be funny
All right, so you can listen to that podcast and hear about all and hear all about Bruno
But on Wednesday, we are going out into the wilderness and we need bug spray. We are oh so important bugs
Love me. It's like I have a sign or something. Hold on. I wasn't in from
I'm actually also a prime target for mosquitoes. What is it about us?
I don't know. It's just we're so good-looking. I've heard on a piece
I've also heard its blood type
Really? I heard that's a mosquito stay away from certain blood types like a or B or AB or stuff like that
No, I've never heard I've heard the doctor you know, I've never heard and I've also heard that if you are
If your body is high in a certain protein or a vitamin that also bugs will stay away or mosquitoes
Oh, I don't know that either really well spray. There's always bug spray
Yeah, what works for me is the fact that will as a guy my legs are hairy
So I don't usually get bug bugs on my legs
I was lucky but on the ankles when you're wearing sandals terrible elbows. Have you ever gotten a mosquito bite on your eye?
Like I'm not in your eye
Oh, yeah
I got a fly bite on my eyelid and it swelled shut and I had that I had to meet some friends the next day
and some people who I never knew and they thought that I was a really weird-looking because I like I could only open one eye and
The other one was like big and purple and like lumpy
I've also I've also gotten a mosquito bite on my lips. So your lips swells up then you know, I think the trick is
It's all about not scratching it. No, sometimes it's just about being swollen. Yeah, I woke up the next day with my eyes shut
I was like what happened? But is it is it is it easy to not scratch?
If sometimes they don't scratch and they're still huge. Yeah
My home remedy for this is
mental
Yeah, mental. Yeah for also deodorant
Calamine is good. It works too. Yeah. All right, so that's what we're talking about on Wednesday and on Friday
We're talking about we have an advanced lesson and we're gonna be talking about Charles Darwin and his theory
Evolution it was very interesting. So interesting interesting
There's a hot debate out right now because there's a lot of people in America who are against the idea of teaching evolution and because it's the
150th anniversary of Darwin there be they're getting a lot of air time in the news
It does go against most of the religious theories
I guess that's one of the reasons why Darwin was despised by the religious groups, especially biblical religions
But I think for example that in education
It's at least fair to know all angles. So if you you know, if you are a
Faithful Catholic or any religion you can say well, this is interesting
This is what science says, but I maintain my position as a Catholic or as any religion
You may belong to and say I believe in in in creationism, right?
So but I think it's fair to
To teach this at least and because people have a right to study what they want
Exactly included in their education and then they have they have a choice
They can pick what they want and you shouldn't impose and I think it's valid because this isn't just some
Far out there theory that you know that has no foundation or no basis
This is it's agreed upon by the scientific community as a viable theory. It's still a theory
It's not it's not completely objective, right?
Nothing is completely objective
But there are a lot of things that we've been able to determine over time that
Support the idea that species evolve and that you know, the world the world has changed continuously since you know
Yeah, I'm not a scientist, but I agree with Darwin. Yeah, I do. I do
Yeah, yeah me being from Ecuador
I always I always like to give the example and how one of the places that he traveled to
To really form his theory is a Galapagos Islands and it's like another planet over there. What theory was it?
Well, it's the whole thing about that
Galapagos Islands is an island that was never connected to the mainland of any country or continent
so the species and animals that evolved on this island are very different from anything found anywhere else in the world and they
evolved in a way that they
They are able to exist in these conditions. For example, you have an iguana
Which is a land animal, right? And in on Galapagos Islands this iguana can swim
Submerge for a good amount of time and eat fish or you have
Tortoises you have you have penguins on Galapagos Islands
So it's very very interesting to see that and it's kind of difficult to go there witness this and say well
I still don't believe that
Animals evolve based on their condition and survival of the fittest as Catherine said
So it's an interesting topic and I hope that everyone
Goes on to the comment section of this lesson and gives their opinion in common because we want to hear from everyone, right?
We do. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So that's pretty much it pretty interesting lessons controversial movies controversial topics very
So it'll be great. And that's it if you guys do you have
And that's pretty much it. So we'll see you guys every what what so that's it
Yeah, we look forward to hearing everyone and if you have questions or comments
Don't forget to check out our site englishpod.com and leave them there. And if you have any problems with your
accounts
You can email Gulam. What's what's your email address?
Support support
Language. All right support at practice line, right?
And if you want be sure to add Gulam as your friend on Facebook, that's Gulam soup, honey
Yeah, I think I'm a friend of English part. Yeah. Yeah. All right. All right guys until next week. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye
