I can't believe it!
Quiet on the set!
Quiet, please!
First positions, please!
Rolling, action!
Hello everyone and welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut.
Hello, Marco!
Hey!
Alright, I'm joined here again with Mr. Kulam Subhani.
Hi, Marco.
Do I pronounce your last name correctly?
Yeah, Subhani.
Yeah, alright.
And Catherine Mathis.
Hey!
And my name is Marco.
And today we're going to talk about this relatively new movie and very controversial, Bruno.
Bruno.
Bruno.
So Bruno is the newest of the Sacha Cohen characters, so his alter egos.
What do you call this?
Yeah, they're just characters that he's created.
So the most famous, I guess, is Ali G.
Ali G.
That's the best, I would say.
He also had a...
I like Borat.
Borat.
I think Borat is his funniest.
I thought Ali G was the best.
Right.
So Sacha Cohen, he's from England.
Yeah, he's from London.
And so he's a comedian slash actor, and he has these different characters that he does
in different shows or in different movies.
And they're humorous.
Yeah, he's always funny.
He's always funny.
His comedy is a little bit crude at times and a little bit...
Offensive.
...offensive.
It sometimes makes fun of certain cultures, but in a very borderline way.
Not very borderline.
I think he's pretty obviously making fun of people when he makes jokes.
Yeah, I think he knows no limits.
That's what I felt.
Like, that's what I felt when I watched Bruno.
Like, Bruno just crosses all the boundaries.
It's like you just cannot set a perimeter with him.
Everything's useless.
It's like...
Well, yeah, I think he does go way out there.
But there was a lot of expectations on this movie because everyone seemed to really like Borat.
Yeah, except for Kazakis.
Right.
Kazaki.
They thought he was making fun of them.
He wasn't.
He was making fun of Americans.
Because of the image or the...
Because he said, welcome to my country.
Kazakistan.
I have a friend, Kazakistan.
And we have the cow and my goat and my...
And, you know, he's making fun of how, like, poor and backwater they are.
This is my disco.
Yeah.
That was funny.
This is my radio.
It is bigger than my neighbors.
But the thing is, it was filmed in Romania.
And all of my Kazaki friends are like, obviously, we're not as, like, poor as Romania.
So, like, yeah, he pissed people off, but...
All right.
So, now, this one, Bruno, he...
Where's Bruno from?
Germany.
Germany.
Austria.
Austria.
All right.
So, he's a...
He's German or Austrian.
And what is the main focus of the movie?
He's a gay fashion icon who supposedly has a fashion show...
Like, a TV show where he talks about fashion and style.
And the reality is that he's a complete moron with no fashion sense.
Nothing, yeah.
Who is, like, a caricature of just an obnoxious person.
Mm-hmm.
So, he's...
But he's also very ignorant, right?
I would say he's more stupid.
Yeah.
Just plain stupid.
He's just stupid.
And he wears these ridiculous clothes.
Like, he wears a velcro suit to a runway show and then he, like...
Yeah.
Gets all the clothes stuck to him and he goes on the runway and makes a complete fool
of himself or, like...
He wears a lot of, like, spandex and pleather and, like...
Yeah.
The scene you just mentioned, that was actually a turning point in the movie.
That was what pushed the movie forward.
Like, there's not much in the movie, though, to push it forward.
But then there was this one scene he's dressed up in a velcro prototype.
And then he...
I don't know.
Somehow he manages to get into an accident.
He runs into a clothes rack and then all the clothes just stick to him.
Of course, it's velcro.
And then he...
I think he crashes the whole fashion show.
Yeah.
And then he's banned from all the fashion shows in Austria, everything.
Europe, I guess, so...
And he has to go to America to reinvent himself.
That's how the movie starts.
That's how it starts.
That's how.
That's interesting because, for example, Borat didn't really have...
Well, it kind of...
It had an objective, but it was all very loose.
Pamela.
Pamela Henderson.
Pamela.
Pamela Henderson was the objective in that one.
And in this one...
She has to do something with a man on a boat.
And on this occasion, now Bruno has to reinvent himself in America to become a renowned fashion designer.
Yes.
All right.
So we have a scene picked out for this movie.
Catherine, do you want to help us out and explain it?
Sure.
Well, a lot of the movie is about parodying existing celebrities.
For example, making fun of Madonna and her adopted baby or making fun of people who go
to foreign countries and try and help the peace process.
And so Borat, trying to be a good celebrity, goes to Israel and has a meeting with an Israeli
and a Palestinian.
And the meeting, he shows all of his ignorance and makes these huge mistakes.
And he's trying to talk about Hamas, but he keeps talking about Hamas, the food.
And so that's the clip that we're going to hear right now.
All right.
So let's listen.
Why are you so anti-Hamas?
I mean, isn't peter bread the real enemy?
You're confusing Hamas with hummus, I believe.
Do you think there is a relation between Hamas and hummus?
There was the founder of Hamas, a chef.
He had created the food and then got lots of followers.
Hummus has nothing to do with Hamas.
It's a food.
Okay.
We eat it.
They eat it.
It's vegetarian.
It's healthy.
Well, do you both agree on that?
We both agree that hummus is very healthy.
So we're making progress.
Let's try and get a solution, right?
Because I'm not going to be here forever.
Will you, the Palestinians, agree to give the pyramids back to the Israelis?
This is in Egypt, not in Palestine.
All right.
So obviously, Hamas and hummus are two very different things.
Very different things.
Definitely different.
And part of the genius of this scene is that the character is just so stupid.
That he doesn't realize it.
No.
And like these people are obviously taking it very seriously and he just can't read people.
He can't understand their emotions.
Wow.
So I imagine if this happened to somebody in Israel, they would feel either very angry
or very, very entertained by the ignorance of this person.
It's supposed to be funny.
I think it should be taken in that sense.
In a lighter sense.
Yeah.
In a lighter sense.
Now, do you think like this parody or making fun of Madonna's adoptive babies and stuff
like that, do you think it crosses the line or do you think it's still in good humor
and it's not really too much?
I think it crosses the line, but I don't really have a problem with that.
But the problem I have was that I just didn't think of many of the jokes were
very funny.
I don't have a problem with like making fun of people or like because it's so
ridiculous that it's not really serious.
So anyone who watches it understands like it's not real.
I wonder what it feels like to be a celebrity and be made fun of in this way.
Like, for example, if you're Paris Hilton or you're Madonna or you're Angelina
Jolie or something like that.
I think they get used to it.
It's part of the it's like an occupation hazard.
And it's it's attention.
I mean, people want attention, obviously.
So they keep talking about them.
Well, they do stuff to get in, like, get attention in the first place.
Now, going back to the movie, the movie, as I mentioned, had a lot of hype
and it was very they look everyone looked forward to it.
And on the opening day after that, I think it grossed a lot of money.
And then it just went down.
People didn't seem to like it.
Yeah, I just I didn't think the movie was that funny.
I mean, I thought there were some scenes that were really funny,
but it didn't carry an hour and a half.
Not nearly as much as Borat, which is like,
Yeah, definitely not.
You cannot compare it to Borat.
Borat was much superior, I would say, compared to this movie.
Interesting.
Now, there's actually another movie that was that maybe we'll talk about
on another occasion.
It was Zohan and it was kind of along the same line, I think,
like Adam Sandler trying to create a character.
It had a good message, though.
Yeah, I liked Don't Mess With The Zohan.
Maybe because Zohan might be based on my boyfriend's uncle.
No, he used to be he's really military
and he came to America to fulfill his dream of being a hairdresser.
Wow, really?
Wow.
He should you should interview him.
We should.
Maybe it was based on his real life.
All right.
So all in all, Bruno recommend watching it or not?
If you have nothing to do, I would watch it.
All right.
So if you have other things to do, don't.
I'd watch Borat again.
All right.
Gula.
I would say try it out.
Like, I couldn't watch it after the first one and a half hour or so.
So I would say it depends on your tolerance level.
Yeah, in the background, maybe.
Yeah.
That's what I did, actually.
While you're cooking or while you're cleaning the house.
I was born, though.
I mean, he's very, very pretty nude for most movies.
Yeah, I was I was told the movie is quite funny.
That's why I watched it in the first place.
But then when I started watching it after a while, it seemed a bit too much.
It just crosses the line.
There is no line.
So you were deceived.
Sort of.
It didn't quite seem what I expected.
It wasn't as funny as the previous movies he did.
But all right.
Then.
Yeah.
After a while, it was just all in the background.
All right.
Maybe if you have nothing to do on a Sunday and you have an hour and a half to kill, watch
this movie.
Or if you're one day cleaning the house or cooking, pop it in and just listen to it and watch it
sporadically.
Yeah.
All right.
So interesting.
That's the first movie we actually have a pretty bad review about.
Yeah.
Give it like a C minus.
Well, it was an honest opinion.
Yeah, it's good.
It's insane.
We were.
Yeah, we have nothing against.
All right.
Hey, guys.
I personally enjoyed him.
I love him.
I mean, I really, really like him.
I love this movie.
If you guys, our listeners have different opinions, please let us know.
This is not a final verdict.
Right.
Of course, this is our opinion.
Sure.
Leave your comments.
So yeah, come to our website at EnglishPod.com and leave those comments, thoughts, and or questions
for us.
All right.
So we'll see you guys.
Oh, I'll try to leave some comments as well.
All right.
Glam, we would be honored with your presence.
We'll see everyone there.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
