Hello everyone welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco, and I'm here all alone at the studio
Because Erica left me not so fast Marco
Marco yes Marco my arch enemy from Italian pod see Marco
So no you Marco from Italian pod. What are you doing here Marco? You should know better than me what I'm doing here
Okay, Marco prepared to battle
Hey, hold on guys hold on come on
What's going on Leo from Spanish pod? Oh Leo? Hi? What are you doing Marco and Marco?
We're doing good, but you know like why why you know he's Marco. I'm Marco
I came he's he just want to steal my place here my friends. This is Christmas. We're all a family here
Yes, you're right. You have taught us the true meaning of the Christmas spirit
Yes, only in a few convincing words
Just made me understand how beautiful it is in this special season to love each other and
Appreciate each other's company
Exactly we can all share a love together
Doesn't it Marco yes. Yes, you're right, so I guess you I think he was referring to me. Yes
No
So now let's look at the lessons that we have this week coming up on English pod
We have a lesson about the bird flu is it good. It's very good
Why bird flu like China bird flu like chicken bird flu is it dangerous? It's very dangerous
So we're gonna teach you some great vocabulary about planning for the bird flu
We also have a great New Year's we also have a great New Year's lesson for New Year's resolutions
What's your New Year's? Yeah, my New Year's resolution for 2009 is drink more water
That's a good one, what's your laughing? What's your what yours mine? Yes Leo from Spanish pod
Mine is to study harder Chinese to get to speak Chinese by the end of the year
Like that one. All right. It's a good one and
Marco from English part my
My New Year's resolution you'll have to hear the lesson to find out. Oh, yeah
And our last lesson for next week we're gonna be asking for time off we're asking for vacation
Yeah, that's something that everybody should learn yeah my guys today we're gonna take vacation. Yeah
Yeah, we've got a vacation. Thanks to this lesson because before I tried
I didn't succeed you didn't have the proper vocabulary. Yeah, my boss looked at me. It's like what I don't understand
Yeah, our bosses are anglophones
And I used to be an anglophobe
So we were trying to explain hey I want to go out
How do you say it? Yeah party I want to relax go home and he was like what no go back to work
Yeah, yeah, she just want us to work and work and work, but now thanks to English pod.com
We are all better men. Yes, we are. All right everyone. We're out of time today for this just in
I hope you had fun with us, and I hope you had a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
Yes, Happy New Year from Marco to Marco and from Leo from Spanish. You're a marco number two. No, no, I'm a Marco
T-o-o-2
He's Marco too I was here first
All right everyone happy new year happy new year, we'll see you
