I'm so sorry.
Quiet on the set.
Quiet, please.
First positions, please.
Rolling, action.
Hello, everyone. Welcome back to another edition of Director's Cut.
I am joined here with Liliana.
Hi. And Catherine. Hello.
And today we're going to talk about the series.
It's not a movie, but because of a popular demand by some users,
we're going to talk about Friends.
I'll be there for you.
I love it.
All right. So, Friends is an American television series
that went on for ten seasons.
It's a sitcom.
It's a sitcom.
What is a sitcom? Situational comedy?
Situational comedy. So, they're funny.
And they're usually half an hour to an hour long.
We're usually half an hour long.
Twenty minutes.
There's no real story. There's just funny moments.
Have you noticed that it's only twenty minutes long?
Yeah.
Because of commercials?
I know.
And then hour-long shows are only forty minutes long.
Yeah.
That's amazing.
So, we're actually exposed to twenty minutes of commercial
when we're watching it, like on TV.
That's why I don't watch on TV?
That's why.
Don't you look up to you?
Do you just fast forward it?
No. That's why I just buy the DVDs.
DVDs from the man.
Netflix.
Our Netflix.
Our Netflix.
All right. So, Friends, the characters on this series are...
Ross, Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, and Chandler.
Chandler. All right.
And, well, I guess the most famous among the people on Friends
is Jennifer Aniston.
Yeah.
The hair.
The hair. She's the one that made it all popular, right?
She did the long hair with the bangs, but like the swooshing.
The swooshing thing.
Yeah.
And also getting married to Brad Pitt.
That helped her.
Yeah, that did help her.
And then it hurt her.
Yes, it did.
Well, no. That made her even more popular,
because when he left her, that was like,
Oh, she's such a nice girl.
Now she's the sad single forty-year-old.
She is sad. I'm sorry, but she is.
She's very sad.
She's dating all these losers.
What's wrong with her?
Who is she dating?
She was dating John Mayer.
John Mayer, who's so gross.
Yeah.
Big head, womanizer.
He's in the band.
That's what makes him cool.
He is a band.
He's his own solo act, baby.
Yeah.
Anyway, back to Friends.
All right.
So what's cool about Friends?
What do you love?
Because you love the show, right, Lillian?
I love it.
So what's cool about it?
I just...
You know what I...
Why does everyone love Friends?
Can I give you...
I want a shout out here.
Okay.
The producers are Friends.
The creators are Friends.
Kaufman.
Kaufman's.
They're from the University, Brandeis University.
No way.
That's what they meant, I think.
And they base it, the cafe, off of the cafe that I used to work at, at my university, Chums.
No way.
Shout out to Chums.
That's where they got the inspiration.
Wow.
Did you have, like, the big orange couch?
Yep.
Really?
That's so cool.
And the big curb window and the bar in the back.
Oh, wow.
Didn't know that.
Look at that.
Yeah.
We have a semi... what's it called?
Celebrity here.
Like, Catherine.
Yeah.
I went to Big University with the famous cafe.
And worked at the cafe.
All right.
So why do you like Friends?
I think I really like it because it's just life around Friends, you know?
And the typical things that everybody goes through.
But that's what many people argue, like, are they really typical things that people go
through and do they really deal with them in, like, a real life way?
Because, like, do you really get along with, like, five people in that way and do everything
together and never fight and all this stuff?
I think so.
These kind of...
People definitely have core groups.
Yes.
And I think especially as a working adult, you don't really end up making tons of new
friends all the time.
True.
So a lot of people end up having that core group that they've known for a long time.
And this is especially true...
I don't know if it's true...
It's true in big urban areas, even though Friends takes place in New York City.
But definitely where I grew up, it's smaller.
It's outside of the big city.
People are still friends with the people that they knew when they were younger.
So you grow up together, you're tight, you always hang out, you always, like, are
living in each other's houses.
It makes sense.
Yeah.
I think in my case, for example, that I went to college in different places, we all came
from different places.
So basically your friends become your family, you know?
We lived all, like, in this apartment complex and we had, like, two apartments.
And seriously, like, friends will go up and down, like, hey, where's my things?
And borrow things.
And there was one that it was, like, we had a friend that was, like, Monica.
She loved to cook.
So everybody will go to her house, eat, because she always had food and stuff like that.
Yeah.
So I think it's, I mean, it depends from where you are, but I think it's, I like it.
It's very, yeah.
So I think the other outstanding thing about the show is how well great chemistry the actors
had with each other, right?
Because they made it look so natural and funny and at the same time sweet at times
and everything.
I think what I liked is the humor.
It was never vulgar.
They never used, like, bad words.
You can do funny, you know, without having to be, like, so, like, ordinary, you know?
Yeah.
And you had stereotypical characters.
So you had the nerdy one, Ross, who was an anthropologist.
And you had Joey, who was the goofball idiot, who was, like, a part-time actor or whatever.
And then you had Phoebe, the weird artistic one, who's eccentric and who plays guitar.
And Monica, who's the neat freak.
And you just have all these kind of caricatures who, you know, interact with each other all
the time.
And that's, we all know someone who has some of those traits.
And so that's why it's funny, because you can relate to it, right?
Everyone knows a neat freak.
Everyone knows a goofball idiot, so, definitely.
So what would you say is, like, your favorite friend's moment or your favorite episode?
Wow, that's a really good question.
I liked the episode where Joey had the, like, the his and hers chairs, like, the leather
chairs that went back.
And, like, he would never leave the house.
But they had, like, free porn.
Oh, and the TV, and they wouldn't leave the house at all.
Yeah, they wouldn't leave the house.
It was funny.
Oh, I have several.
I think one of them is when Rachel finds out that she's pregnant.
Oh, that's, like, a very tense, like, sweet moment, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's really cool.
But I like it because of all this, they didn't know who the dad was, and it was all the deal
with the shirt.
Oh, with the shirt, right.
And then he just grabs it, and it's like, oh, no.
And I think that's where the season ends, right?
No, no, no, no.
No, it wasn't?
No.
Oh, another good one is the Pottery Barn one, where Phoebe gets something at Pottery
Barn, right?
And, like, it's just really funny.
Rachel gets it at Pottery Barn, and Phoebe gets really upset.
It's just really funny because in America, Pottery Barn is this, like, ubiquitous store.
I mean, it's everywhere, and everyone always gets stuff at Pottery Barn.
So you go to someone's house, and they have the same things you have.
And so it was just, it was playing off of that thing where, like, everyone goes to the
same store.
Like, IKEA.
You know, everyone has the same IKEA stuff.
So it was really funny.
Yeah, that was a funny one.
That's true.
All right, so it went on for 10 seasons.
Have you seen, like, all episodes, season one through 10?
Yes.
Really?
I've seen about 15 episodes.
15?
What?
Really?
I've seen it from, seriously, one to 10.
And I've seen some of the episodes, like, what, 20 times?
Really?
Yeah, yeah, because sometimes you see them on TV.
I did do, like, a marathon once, like, on, I can't remember what channel it was.
They were playing Friends all day long, so I didn't leave the room and watch it all
day.
I've seen the Bloopers reel.
The Bloopers reel is actually really funny.
It's so funny.
It is pretty funny.
Yeah, if you have a chance to get the DVDs, it's pretty funny.
So would you say this depicts, like, a normal or, you know, average American life?
Like, in New York, for example, or anywhere?
No.
No?
No?
People in New York don't have apartments that are that big.
I'm sorry.
That's true.
Let's start with that.
People in New York live in really small apartments, A. And B, I think that groups
tend to drift apart.
People get married and you get, you know, more kind of insular.
It's not like you have this big friend group even when you're late 30s, early,
you know, 40s or whatever.
Well, in the end, that's how the show ended, right?
They got married and so they were going to move to the suburbs.
So everyone kind of just, like, drifted away.
Rachel, I think, went to France or something like that.
No, no, no, no, no.
She was going to go, but then she ends up with Russ staying with her.
And then Monica and Chandler, they buy a house in the suburbs.
And then Phoebe and Mike, they get married.
And then Joey moves to LA.
And then that's where you get the Joey show or something.
It lasted like a season.
I think it didn't go very well.
All right.
So out of all these characters, which one do you think you are?
Do you think you are Rachel, Phoebe, Monica?
Who do you think I am?
Yeah, you're definitely Monica.
That is like a very, very neat freak and very bossy.
Yeah, a lot of people have told me that.
All right.
What about you, Catherine?
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
I don't think one of them fits.
Or do you have the majority of the traits of maybe...
I think she's between Monica and Phoebe.
That's a weird bit.
I know it's weird, but it's true.
But is that there's none in the, you know, in the game?
Oh, I know.
She's kind of like Ross because you're very nerdy.
It's true and intelligent and, you know, loves the documentaries and all that.
So I think you would be between Ross and Rachel, maybe.
So I'm Ross and Rachel's love child.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, yeah, you're the little baby, Emma.
That's where you are.
You know the baby's name?
Yes, I know.
I haven't seen like an episode in forever, but I really, really did like the show
and I thought it was very funny at times.
It was a very good show.
All right.
So all in all, you both like the show.
Yes.
Yeah.
And who was your favorite celebrity?
The guest?
Yeah, guest.
Probably Bruce Willis.
Oh, yeah.
He was hilarious.
Bruce Willis was a guest star once.
He was like he was he was Rachel's mom, right?
No, Rachel's dad.
No, didn't he date one?
It was.
Yeah, it was Rachel's Rachel.
She was he was dating Rachel and the daughter Ross was dating the daughter
who was a student at the yeah.
So they end up in the same cabin on a weekend.
I don't know who else made a guest appearance on there.
Oh, so many Julia Roberts.
She's hilarious.
Julia.
I didn't see that one that she makes Chandler on dress in the toilet
and then takes away the you don't remember Susan Sarandon.
Really Brad Pitt.
Yeah, Brad Pitt was on there too.
Yeah, he hated Rachel and he was like their marriage.
So it was like funny of Monica.
Yeah, and they started this club of the I hate Rachel Club.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
And they said that she was like a him after the chick from Rhode Island.
So do you and they ended up like paying each actor a million dollars
per episode, right?
Which is ridiculous.
It's like seven million dollars.
Imagine.
Well, there's how many episodes a season per season.
It's like 24 24 episodes $24 million per person.
That's five people.
That's $120 million dollars per season.
They make like 20 times that imagine they have this show syndicated
and it's shown in every country in every.
Yeah, it's in every language in the world like it's ridiculous.
Like I've seen it in Japanese and French and English and everything.
So it's and it's actually a pretty good show to learn English.
Right because it's so they speak very clearly clearly.
That's part of the humor like a Joey.
I mean, it's very I mean, it's they they caricature the fact that he's
from Jersey, right?
Right.
But like it's also very clear and easy to understand.
But also the the way that they talk is it's pretty natural.
It's not it's not too scripted, right?
No.
Yeah, it's natural.
It's conversational English conversation.
It's not academic.
Exactly.
Right.
So it is they do use a lot of slaying on there and stuff.
So it's actually a really good resource.
If you get a chance to buy the DVDs, you know, you can watch it
with some subtitles in English and it's actually really good practice.
Yes, definitely.
All right.
So all in all good friends.
We recommend it 10 seasons go by like just one season.
Don't buy like the 10 DVDs at all at once.
And if you have any questions or comments, please come to the website
Englishpod.com and we'll see you there.
Bye.
