"- Quiet on the set.
Quiet, please.
First positions, please.
Rolling.
Action."
Hello, everyone, and welcome to Director's Cut.
My name is Marco.
"- My name is Catherine, and today we've got a very serious movie for you, but anyone
who watched the Oscars a couple of weeks ago has certainly heard of this one."
Exactly.
We're talking about the movie Precious, and this movie is based on the novel Push
by an author called Sapphire.
That's right.
So, this is a movie based on a book starring a lot of, well, a couple of non-actors, and
it won a ton of awards at the Academy Awards.
Yeah, I think it was nominated for Best Film, and this woman who is named Monique, she won
the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in this movie.
That's right.
Gabriel Cebideh was nominated for Best Actress, but she did not win.
And I think it also won the award for Best Adaptation, Best Screenplay, based on another
piece.
Right.
We talked about original screenplay before.
This is not an original screenplay.
It was actually a novel, a book, and then they took the contents of this book and adapted
it to make a film out of it.
That's right.
So, the noun, the thing, is called an adaptation.
This means that it's not the original piece.
It's gone through some changes to be suitable for a different kind of audience or medium.
Right.
In this case, the medium is film.
And it was quite a film.
I thought it was very, very intense.
So basically, the film is set in, I think it's New York or New Jersey.
Yes, New York City.
New York City in a very poor area, or I think it's Harlem.
And basically, the story follows this girl's, young girl, in her life and what she's going
through.
She's 16 years old.
She's still in school.
She had, the movie in the beginning tells you that, you know, she had a previous baby and
she finds out that she's pregnant again.
Yeah.
So, basically, you are following around this girl in her life and it's really rough.
She's in school.
She gets made fun of.
She has a hard time at home.
Her mom is abusive and there's just a lot of secrets that come out during the course
of the movie.
Right.
So, it's a very intense film.
It shows you the hardships of this girl.
And there's also performances by, for example, Mariah Carey is in there.
That's right.
She is, she works for the city.
She's a social worker who is investigating this girl's case because there are some questions
about her home and her home life and her parents.
Right.
And so, Mariah Carey is a thoughtful social worker who's trying to help.
There's also a famous singer who is a nurse, a male nurse, you know what I'm talking about?
Lenny Kravitz.
That's right.
So, many of you know that song, American Woman?
Yeah.
American Woman.
So, he did a remake of that and he's actually acting in this movie as well.
Yeah.
He's also in the movie.
So, yeah, there were a couple of non-actors, as you mentioned.
Mariah Carey and Lenny Kravitz, obviously, they're not actors.
Musicians.
They're musicians, but they were in the movie and, well, I thought the movie was very good.
It's very sad.
It's very intense.
It's not a happy movie, so you're not going to feel very happy after you watch it.
No, but there are moments where you feel like, wow, people care, you know, there are
it's like her teachers, for example, the girl starts in the public school system in
a normal school and because she has a lot of issues and she's pregnant and she's
going through these difficult things, she ends up at an untraditional school where the
kids all come from different backgrounds and the teachers really give them a lot more
special attention and her teacher at that school is wonderful and I think that that's
a real high point for me for the movie.
There are some parts that are so horrible and some parts where you see, wow, there
are people who really want to help her and that's, you know, that's the positive
part of it.
So the movie is currently still in theaters in many places of the world, so we don't have
an actual clip from the movie, but we do have a preview of the movie, kind of like the
trailer.
So we're going to listen to that now.
My name is Clarisse Precious Jones.
I want to be on the cover of a magazine.
I wish I had a light-skinned boyfriend with real nice hair.
But first, I want to be one of them BET videos.
You're a dummy.
Don't nobody want you.
Don't nobody need you.
School ain't going to help nothing.
Take your ass down.
You're 16, you're still in junior high school, and you're pregnant with your second
child.
That's the first thing that comes to your mind when you think about home.
But you're going to have to talk to somebody if you want your checks, sweetie.
Oh!
Precious.
I'm hungry.
You plan on putting some food in that frying pan.
My favorite color is purple.
I sing well.
And I'm here because I love to teach.
I'm going.
My favorite color is fluorescent beige.
And I'm here to get my G-E-Z.
Paris?
Something you do well?
Nothing.
Everybody's good at something.
Precious!
You want to stand up there and look down at me like you're a woman?
You don't know what real women do.
Real women sacrifice.
Now, what you all about?
Let me talk about the abuse in your household.
You know what I'm talking about.
You sit there and judge me and you write them notes on your bed about who you think I am.
People do love you, Precious.
They've done nothing for me.
Your baby loves you.
Alright, so as you can tell by the trailer, her mom was pretty abusive verbally and physically, right?
She calls her.
She says she's not worth anything, that she's ugly, and so a lot of abuse at home.
Domestic violence, right?
That's right.
That's right.
And child abuse.
And so this movie tackles a lot of really serious issues and is really hard to watch sometimes.
There are some points in the movie where you just want it to be over, but it's a beautiful movie too because it's just so well acted.
And the main character is, she doesn't let things get her down.
She has the worst of the worst of all situations.
And she doesn't let life get her down, and I think that's really inspirational.
Now, we mentioned that this movie is based on the novel Push by Sapphire.
That's right.
And Sapphire is, I think she's about 55.
She's like a 55-year-old author.
She's African-American, and from what I read her background, she was a bit of a hippie.
She's a poet, and this is her first novel.
Oh, wow.
And apparently, it was half-finished, and somebody picked it up and read the beginning or halfway through, and they just thought it was amazing.
And there was actually this big publishing war between different publishing companies bidding for her to finish the book.
So finally, I don't recall which publishing company won, but she was paid half a million dollars to finish this book.
Good for her.
Yeah, and it was worth it.
Apparently, yeah, that's awesome.
Yeah.
And usually, the big publishing companies don't want to risk money on unpublished authors.
So that's really good for her.
And also, yeah, well, and also on a novel so controversial, I think.
Because from what I understand, the novel is very explicit, very graphic, a lot more than what we saw on the movie screen.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Well, the movie screen is not, I mean, you don't bring your kids to see this movie.
It's very difficult, but yeah, there are some things that are just really, I'm sure in the book, much, much more graphic.
Something interesting that Bill pointed out is maybe you can help us in this.
You know, many artists have names like Madonna or, you know, one name.
Yeah.
But not a lot of authors.
True.
Do you know any others?
Because Sapphire, the book by Sapphire.
OK, so do you know any authors that go by one name?
No, not really.
Not that I can think of.
I think it's kind of a rock star slash hip hop slash rap thing.
You know, you think of Beyonce, Madonna.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, you have all these people who kind of go by that one superstar name.
But with authors, there's not the same kind of superstardom, I think.
There's a different kind of fame.
But you do have oftentimes fake names, you know, what we call pen names.
And those are sometimes very interesting.
But this is interesting.
You have pen names, which are also known as names, right?
But this is interesting.
Maybe she'll set a trend on authors that will have one name.
It's possible.
There was a very famous book in the 1980s or 70s, I think, that was about kind of like
growing up as a teenager and female sexuality.
And it was by Anonymous.
So Anonymous became a big thing.
But yeah, I can't think of anything else off the top of my head.
I know like the initials are a big thing, like J.R. Tolkien.
R.L. Stein.
R.L. Stein.
Or R.K. Rowling.
J.K. Rowling.
J.K. Rowling.
D.H. Lawrence.
D.H. Lawrence.
So that's a big thing among authors.
Yeah, definitely.
But not one name.
Yeah, you've just given me a challenge, Marco.
I'm going to go find some.
It's interesting.
I just thought of it now because Bill Midge is like, wow, that's really interesting.
And I think it's true.
I don't think there are many authors like this.
But the movie was great.
The novel, maybe if you can get it, you can pick it up in English.
I'm sure it makes for an interesting read.
But also the movie is worthwhile.
So if you have a chance, go to the movie theaters and watch this movie.
As we said, it's very intense, very explicit, but definitely something worth watching.
And thought provoking.
So let us know what you thought about the movie or why you're not going to go see it.
Our website is EnglishPod.com.
You're welcome to post on today's lesson or on any other shows.
So we hope to see you there.
Until next time.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
