Hello everyone and welcome to this just in my name is Marco, and I'm joined here with Catherine hey and Bill hi
So Bill and Catherine are gonna be with us today introducing new lessons, and we're gonna be talking about a weird
Situation and use have you heard of this Brazilian girl who like had this scandal with the miniskirt?
No, you haven't heard this so this is what happened. I know you guys didn't know so that's why I'm telling you
What kind of newspapers do you read?
This is bizarre news because you know we're not gonna get into politics and stuff so apparently oh god forbid this
Brazilian girl was walking down her university. Is this the beginning of a joke? No no no
Even though it sounds like
And apparently she wore like a very very short miniskirt as Brazilian women are sometimes wants to do it
It's a very warm place right that's the reason of the outrage is because apparently she was walking through campus
Like this and she started getting
You know cat calls cat calls you call them. Yeah, cat calls
Yeah, and but they also started yelling some you know offensive obscenities things got out of hand yeah, and
She was escorted out of the university wearing a lab coat and then
University that's even sex
This is one for made it like PG during a PG-30
The thing is that the university expelled her so this is why it was an outrage right because you know
They you have you know
Bikinis and Brazilians you know like on the beach that you see you know they're not like very they're not modest people exactly thong
Comes to mind song yeah, we call it Brazilian thong right and
So
So then what happens is in the news this becomes an outrage because they expel her and now she's like a celebrity
She's enjoying her 15 minutes of fame. Did you see any pictures?
Of her yeah, she's she's she's actually quite an attractive girl
But like you know she still doesn't understand what was going on. She's 20 years old
She's starting tourism, and she's just like she doesn't she's like
I don't know why this happened, and but she's like now. She's all over the news
Like about this case well
Here's the legal question does the school have a particular code of dress that says this is not allowed
Apparently I know
What the school argued was that she was parading around the school causing people to like you know to to yell at her and stuff
Like that so that it wasn't that she's just walking to class that she was just provoking people was she a repeat offender
Have you done this?
An excessive
Punishment for someone who's just you know inappropriately dressed. I know that's what I thought my college was clothing optional
Really policy yeah, I don't I don't know if it still is but it was when I was there
Did you have a dress code in I swear to God it was totally no no it was no
It was you showed up to you showed up to class naked. They wouldn't kick you up well
I think I think that was up to the professor's discretion
But but I know as far as you know walking around campus and stuff you could walk around naked no way
Yeah, I had I had some friends that did it every like every Sunday night. There was a group of people and I'd walk around
Wow, it's a pretty liberal college. I can imagine put the liberal back in liberal arts
We just had a naked run so every it was in Boston and every winter when the first snow happened that night
At midnight everyone had to run around naked around the quad like yeah
University students see that similar though because they couldn't you know they wouldn't it's not against the rules to do that not at all
I mean, it's a private school. It's private property. Oh, so you can run around inside the campus
Yeah, because if you run on the street, that's like indecent exposure exactly right please can stop you but on a campus
It has its own security so I bit a private campus. Yeah private campus if it's like University of Illinois
Different rules apply but in our case people would stand on their balconies and cat call and like hoot and holler really yeah
See this is why
Many of our listeners maybe want to go and study in the states. Oh, well it was always like crazy
Guys and like one girl. Yeah
All right, so that's the news for today pretty cool, right?
Yeah, amazing. All right. That's amazing news on you Marco for bringing up the naked women
On Monday, we have a lesson about wedding doubts. So somebody's getting married and they're having doubts. Oh, no, I know
It's cold feet. They call that they do exactly do wedding doubts
Myself I do not know. I'm totally into it. Okay, no
All right, so that's what we're gonna be looking at words, maybe I don't have any doubts old feet I swear to God
Yeah, be sure she doesn't listen to this podcast
On Tuesday, we're talking about that scary movie that everyone's talking about
Paranormal activity wait what movie?
Paranormal activity
Scary so bill you still haven't seen it. No, I'm not too scared. It's freaky
Well, I have it. How have you guys watched it? You get on DVD on DVD?
Okay, cuz I would give you mine, but someone took it leo nardo. Yes, they don't
Give back the DVD chef Tabasco if you're out there, I just made the cutting sign sign across my neck
So you haven't watched it but you want to right? No, I have heard a bit about it from the two of you and it sounds
Yeah, watch it. Be sure to watch it and be sure to listen to our podcast about it
But on Wednesday, we are buying a camera buying a digital camera
So
We're gonna be learning all the technical terms behind like point-and-shoot camera SLR camera Catherine
You just bought a new camera. I did and I also wrote the dialogue. Oh good
I you know what I I can see that now. I read I read the dialogue again. Does it differ from my dialogue somehow?
Cuz you don't freak out Wow
A little bit cuz all the time has to act in my dialogue is always freaking out really well
This is not a freak out though. It's very technical is very tech. It's an advance
It's an upper intermediate dialogue and we do focus on technical terms because that's what we do in the upper-level essence
This is all the specifics for buying a camera and I did buy a camera and I'm very happy with it
Yeah, Bill asking I don't like the I don't like your your innuendo
Yeah, I'm not insinuating anything
All right, and if you didn't see anything it's that I wrote a nerdy dialogue or better one in mine
Get out of March Marco's a bit touchy to get out of my studio, but the awkward cake
All right, and I'm Friday
The awkward cake with a slice of awkward cake with another piece of cake
I think that's the second or third time you said something that makes
FYI I I spend my day listening to Spanish Chinese
My brain is mush, all right, so
Friday we're visiting the dry cleaners. We're getting clothes dry clean. Oh, which is not very fun, but you know
It's necessary. Yeah, I've only done it once
What?
Really why I don't I don't have very many dry cleanable clothes
I have a dry clean all your sweatshirts and you're like there's something like this
I watch these twice twice a month
Wait, so what did you get dry clean exactly? I had a
Fully wool plaid or flannel shirt. Wow, and so I'd like to get those dry clean wool flannel
Yeah, that's what it is
Making sense
Yeah, is it what or is it flannel all flannels wool so you say flannel really? Is that what you're insinuating?
No
Flannel flannel is just I think it's maybe it's the weave pattern
I don't know. I'll look it up. I guarantee you though that both of my flannel shirts that I wear are wool 100% virgin
Well, that's what it says on what what does that mean? It's from the sheep didn't procreate before they were sure they were sure
This lesson just went from PG-13 to R
Weird so yeah, those are the lessons we have coming up next week and be sure to listen to them
They're awesome. Yeah, they're not as crazy about like, you know talking about flannel. Well, they're not as awesome as this
Yeah
Nothing is and also be sure to continue to send your feedback your comments and any suggestions you have about our new website
Which some people love some people hate but you know, well, and I would just like to add something there Marco the new website is
A really really cool improvement I think in many ways
But there are still some things that we're working on as a team
And so we're working with tech very closely and we've been listening to a lot of your suggestions and some of your
confusion things that you've posted and we're trying to make sure that those get improved right away like the
Lesson levels that are not appearing that was an oversight and we're working on it right away
But other stuff as far as comments and where the community comments are now
Those things are really interesting for us to get feedback about so yeah, please do keep posting and let us know what you think
Yeah, and just you know, send your emails to Bill. That's what he's there for. That's me
Support that practice. He loves complaints. Yeah, actually. Yeah, he thrives on the complaints
I like a good a good complaint to it to start my day because it puts me in a positive state of mind
especially personal complaints and attacks
All right guys, so that's all the time we have for today, thank you and we'll see you guys next time
Well, it's always we hope you had a very happy Thanksgiving if you celebrated it and if not happy December. All right. Bye
