Hello everyone, welcome back to another edition of this just in my name is Marco. Ciao Marco grande Marco
I am here with Marco from Italian pod. Hi. Ciao everyone. Hola Marco from Italian and Leo from Spanish pod
Hey, hello. And the lady Spanish brand is Spanish and all the pods again here in this just in so
Let's talk about the lessons. Okay, let's hold which lessons do we have? All right lesson numero uno
Next week. We have a lesson about asking for permission
All right asking for permission like to your dad exactly for to the teacher. No, no to your for your dad to your boss
No, no, it's like security guard
Well, it's a girl asking for the car actually
Do you remember those times when you had asked your dad or your mom for the car?
No, because in the country where I live
You have to be 18 to drive a car. You didn't drive before you were 18. No
I didn't come on. You get your license revoked once. Yeah, well, that's another story
Yeah, but in the United States you can drive legally when you're about 15 or 16
Yeah, I never got six. You cannot drink until you're 21, but you can drive us
15
It's crazy. You can get your learner's permit at 15. Really? Yeah in some states
So you're gonna talk about that too. Yeah, we'll talk a little bit about that in the lesson as well
When I was 14
Viva Mexico
You're driving trucks big
All right, and we'll also have part three of new guy in town
The kind of the suspense thriller lesson that we have about some sort of vampire guy
Vampire yeah, what is this?
You've never heard new guy in town. No, man. Come on
Everybody knows everyone knows new guy. But for users who don't know about it. It's a series about vampires
Wow, kind of it's kind of scary. You have this guy. You don't really know who he is
Boogie, there's a lot of screeching doors, right? Yeah a lot of and
Yeah spicy
That wasn't good like how do you say
Cold for when it's not over Marco's
See all the line again
Yeah, you can't use Marco's line before him especially about like
No, it was not spicy. We didn't say anything spice. It was spicy. You have to know how to use
Like a little weapon, you know if he falls in the wrong hands, yeah terrible disaster exactly
And Friday's lesson, it's really interesting and it's one of my favorite subjects bargaining spicy
Is it bargain at an exotic market no
But we're gonna be teaching you great words about how you can bargain how you can ask for a better price and
You know, it's really important in some countries. Are you gonna teach us special price for you my friend?
No, well, yeah, actually we do use that sentence and
Yeah in countries like China or in countries like, you know, our countries like Ecuador Mexico
You definitely have to eat a little you have to bargain right especially if you're tourists
I guess everywhere markets where you have markets. Yeah, so those are the three lessons coming out next week
They're really good. Be sure to come and listen. I'll come and listen. All right, you better
I want to know what these vampires about it's really good. What else do we have and our user of the week?
user of the week
Our user of the week for this week is Wolfgang 700
It's a he and I think he's from Germany Wolfgang yeah, it sounds pretty German some yeah, he's a
Congratulations Wolfgang. Yeah, why did he become user of the week? Well, he started commenting a lot on the site asking some really good questions
His English is pretty good as well. So he's really helped out a lot Bravo
And all are you all our other users keep up the good work everyone is commenting a lot Oh
Maxi maximum is doing a transcript. But ah, wow because our maxima a really kept up kept up to his
His words. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So next week definitely he'll be doing it for all three lessons, right?
of course
Now he's stuck now. He's stuck. He's gonna have to do it. He said the standard is it just you can just go up and up
All right, then he'll become an employee of English. Yeah one year of slavery
Alright now for some updates we have some really interesting news about our new website, right?
What happened to that the new website? All right. Well, we had a little bit of difficulty
So actually we have a recording of what happened to the website. Yeah, let's listen to hear that
Hey, it's a new website ready. Yeah, come over here and check this out
So what new features does it have? Wow a lot of great stuff
like for example
Wait, this is weird
Webpage is an opening
What's going on? Click on it again. I want to see it. It says fatal error
Exploded yeah and two of our programmers or tech guys
Didn't make it. Yeah, it's a sad moment in podcast history
Actually, I think we should dedicate this podcast to the memory of little jade and the southern cloud
Which are the two engineers southern clouds of the IT skies
Yeah, the two engineers
IT tech guys should we do it like died in the fire a second of silence
Yeah, a second of silence because we can't do a whole minute in a podcast, right?
No, but seriously
We have to delay the launch of the new site because it wasn't ready yet and we want to give you a really good site
That's gonna have a lot of great features. So it'll be ready soon. Don't worry about it
We'll keep you updated exactly like, you know, this data transfer. There's complicated guys. Believe me. It's complicated
Yeah, yeah. Well, that's what I take guys. So yes, we apologize for the mistake, but
Believe us. It's in your best interest because you didn't want to go on a website that could explode
Every computer in the world in the world
The English part virus you don't want that
There's some good news, isn't it? There is some good news since we're not launching the website yet
The prices are gonna stay the same. Yes
So that means that we're gonna keep the same low prices until we launch the new website and all the family of little Jade
and southern clouds of the IT skies
They have a free account and the whole families of the victims can learn English for free or free. Okay. Yeah
Okay, I mean of the silence for the families. I mean it
Alright, so yeah, that's the good news guys. Don't worry. We'll keep you updated
we'll we'll be bringing you more information about how the new website is going and
So be sure to listen. Alright guys, so we're out of time. We'll see you next time and
come to our website englishpod.com leave your questions and comments and
Also, listen to our great new lessons that are coming out next week. Yeah vampires vampires. Alright, we'll see you later
