Hello everyone and welcome to this just in I'm joined here with Liliana
Hello, and I'm joined here with the newest member of the English pod team Robert. Hello
Yeah, finally new flesh new new blood new blood
Yeah, so Robert it comes from Cincinnati, right? Oh, Cincinnati, Connecticut. Yes, Connecticut
I was like, why am I thinking Cincinnati?
And
So he's joining the English pod team you'll hear I'm in dialogue. Sometimes you'll maybe hear I'm on the extra vocab and
He'll also be taking part in the community section. So welcome Robert. Thank you very much
So Robert tell us a little bit about yourself you you come from Connecticut. How's that like? I've never been to Connecticut
Connecticut is very cold. Is it always cold pretty much really nine months out of the year? It's very cold
And the other three months it is nice
But it doesn't last very long. Do you have like good a good skiing or anything because it's so cold
Well, if you want good skiing you have to go to Vermont, which is about three hours away
Okay, there are places to ski but not great skiing in Connecticut. So what's Connecticut known for?
You know cuz like each state has its own thing like Tampa is the sunny state
I think no wait Tampa Florida is the sunny state
Florida yes, it's the sunny state right and it's oranges and orange Florida oranges
I love Florida oranges. So so what's Connecticut known for Connecticut is known for probably its scenery. Oh, really? Yes
It's very beautiful there, especially if you go to the Northwest region and
The Southwest region is nice when the water
Does it have like like is it countryside like very beautiful green pastures? Yes exactly that
There's a lot of nice
Greenery forage foliage sounds nice. These are the places that I like. Are there any cows lots of cows?
Oh, really it's like a dairy is like a dairy state. It is sort of a dairy state
Not a lot of agriculture, but there are a lot of cows actually
Nice. All right, so
Interesting we so welcome Robert to the team. We have a lot of things coming up this week and very exciting week
So on Monday, we have a great lesson very interesting all about office gossip
Yeah, you're good at that mark. No, I'm not your gossip. You're the gossip girl here
No, no spreading rumors about co-workers. No, I don't
But that's true. Everybody comes to me for gossip. I wonder why
Because people tell me stuff and you don't tell anyone right? No
It's actually very very interesting. I think it's part of the whole office culture, right? Like I guess if you work in a place
With enough people there has to be gossip
Especially after Christmas parties or New Year's parties with the office gets together and like oh my god
Did you see Brenda? She was totally kidding. No, and especially if you spent eight hours of your day here
Yeah, like we spend more time here than in our house almost. Yeah, it's true very much unavoidable. It's true
We'll talk about that and on Tuesday for directors cut we have a great
Directors cut all about the movie the blind side
The blind side. Yeah, you're in that one. What do you mean? You're in that show. I
Really? Yeah, you don't remember
No, we did the blind side in in Spanish. Yeah, we also did it in English, but I was not there
We're gonna do it then
You didn't get it
Also, we are doing yeah, we're doing that we're doing okay
Yeah, you're in that one. Yeah, I know I know yeah, you like the movie right I did actually you were very surprised that she was
Sandra Bullock is nominated for an Oscar for that movie. I just think that her role like
She plays like a strong woman and but that's it. It's not like not Oscar worthy
Well, you know, I realized that the Oscars they love this empowered women, you know
It's the same like Erin Brankovich with Julia Roberts. I mean she did she win an Oscar for that one
Yeah, and she she's a great actress, but for that movie like really, you know, and it's the same if Sandra Bullock
Wins, I mean she's a great actress, but for that movie
She should have gotten it for
No, that's a thing
She's a good actress, but she's not like Oscar worthy. I mean, I'm sorry. I don't know. What do you think?
I hope she hears you. I hope she hears you and calls you directly and be like, hey, what are you what are you talking about?
What are you talking about me like that? No, no, seriously, it's I think it's her best role so far so far definitely because I mean look at
Yeah, all about Steve speed and like all this stuff, I mean, but
I hope she doesn't win. Oh
So mean look I mean, it's just I prefer someone that is like really, you know an actress like real actress
All right, just for the record Sandra Bullock if you're listening, I really like you and I hope you win
So, you know if you don't win, it's Leliana's fault. All right on Wednesday
We have a lesson about meeting the in-laws make meeting the in-laws for the first time. Are you good at that? Yeah, everyone likes me
What about you I
Am I am good at it. Yeah. Yeah, I think you do. Yeah, very nerve-racking. Yeah, really you nervous
Yes, I'm fair. I want to make a good impression who wouldn't want to make a good. Yeah. Yeah, that's true
I don't really get nervous though
Not much no, I don't get nervous. I just like, you know, I just kind of be myself I get nervous only with the mothers
Well, because mothers are mothers with daughters-in-law are kind of there's this conflict. Yeah, they're because you're the new woman
I know they're like
But you know then I start thinking about it and and I think if my son brings a girl. Oh my god
I'm gonna be the worst. I know I'm gonna be the biggest like
Pain in the butt. Yes, exactly. Yeah
No, that's true. And I think it is difficult. And so we are going to
Listen to a lesson where some it's a kind of a complicated situation for a family that that is very different from the
Son-in-law that they are getting because you know, like sometimes usually they say that a daughter marries a guy
That's similar to her father, right?
Have you heard that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course
Yeah
So like if obviously if you bring home somebody that's very different from your parents or your family or background or your culture
Then it can be a little bit conflictive. I think no, I I did exactly the opposite
I just look for someone completely different than my family
No, I love my family but yeah, definitely yeah
No, I think but it's very popular nowadays. I think in countries like for example the US you see interracial marriages nowadays
So that's really cool. But I imagine it's also very difficult
Well, it can be very difficult. For example, if the parents they don't speak
exactly another language, but that has
Amazing benefits that means that they're not gonna be able to have like a deep connection and that
Some point is great, you know because then they're not in your business all the time
So it has it has both, you know, nothing is perfect. So it has advantages and disadvantages
What do you think Robert about living with your in-laws? Oh
Living I've never lived with my in-laws. No, but would you consider it?
Because like for example here in China, it's a very common practice to to move in with the in-laws
So I think for Westerners, it's a little bit hard to assimilate that. I could never no
I would try as hard as I could not to
I don't think I could either not not with my in-laws or even living with my parents being married
No, that would be really hard. No, although like of course it does have like when you talk to people
They say it has its benefits this and that and obviously it does but no benefits at all
Well, like if you have children they can take care of it
No, they can help you with money look I'm not saying those are like but those are the benefits that people talk about
No, the only only benefit I can see our financial benefit
Yeah, I think that's it and also taking care of you, but that depends on your parents. My parents they would charge me bread
Actually, my parents would charge me
They would make you pay for the groceries and everything. Of course, you're really like, I don't know in your 40s or whatever
Yeah, I'm high do you know and do you have any friends who are maybe like 40 or 45 years old and still live with their parents
45 no 30s. Yes, but uh, yeah 30s. Yeah 30s. Yes 30s
Yes, oh really 40s. No 30s definitely. Yeah, I
Know a couple people who are in their 40s and they still live with their parents never got married. They're just chilling there with their parents
See I don't understand that because my mother kicked me out at 18. Yeah, why didn't we out as soon as possible?
That's the thing. Other cultures don't understand how
Westerners or American culture that how they you know, pretty much kicked their children out at 18. So they're like why would you do that?
Yeah, I know Latino culture
They will try to feed you and give you everything they can so you never leave until you get married. Yeah
All right, and on Friday, we have a fun lesson a very elementary lesson where we talk about board games
So like we're playing a game board games, maybe a monopoly
I know you're a big fan of board games and stuff like that games and trivia. You're not you're not very good at it, though
I am I am you're good. You're kind of good at it, but you're terrible at drawing well missionary
I hear there's a Scrabble culture Scrabble. Yeah
I've never really got into it because I don't know
Well at that moment my vocab is not as as good as it should be and I'm like, what am I gonna do with three X's?
And four Y's no, but you know, the thing is with Scrabble like what I found I have it at the house
But we live in such like an international place
That is terrible because you have like six different countries and cultures and languages and you play in English
So that's not fair right because like in the native English speaker always wins. Oh, no, that's not a word
I'm like, I don't care
Because it's difficult. Yeah, I actually enjoy the game Uno. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, that's really cool. I like the game
No, yeah, me too. Hi, it's cool and monopoly. I like it, but it's very long. So I love it
I like risk. I think that's one of the
Love risk, but that is long too. It's also long but yeah, I invade people and pretty much
Dominate the world. Yeah
Alright, so those are our lessons coming up this week a lot of interesting stuff really useful things and of course if you guys have any
Suggestions or any lesson topics that you would like us to
To talk about or to have then you can always come to our website English pot calm
Or you can send us an email and we'll do our best to please you. So that's all the time we have for today
Thank you Liliana. Bye and thank you Robert. Bye. Bye
