Hello English learners and welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I'm Erica and today
We are joined in our studio with Pete. It's great to be here
Pete is one of our voice actors for many of our dialogues and he is a very talented voice. No, you're too kind Marco
So we always have fun with Pete here in the studio. Okay. Well in today's news show we are going to
Talk about some really important and upcoming exciting news here at English Pod
The first thing we want to do is tell you about our user of the week
We're gonna talk to you a little bit about English Pod groups
And then we're going to tell you about our upcoming lessons for next week
So Marco, maybe you can take the honors of announcing our user of the week. All right, the user of the week is
Macales Macales
It's been long overdue, but Macales has been a great user helping out a lot of our listeners. Yeah, that's true. Macales writes
Excellent answers to user questions. I really like how he uses different font colors to help explain his points
Yes, and also he gives us the insight on British English
That's really important because Marco and I speak American English. So we really appreciate Macales's insights into British English
And now for our star learner of the week. I'm Stephen Lee. I'm Stephen Lee
I'm Stephen Lee is a really great member of the community also and his picture is interesting. It's all in green
Yeah, that's right. But he's a really good listener and he asks a lot of questions and
So good job. I'm Stephen Lee. Yeah, you know what?
I'd like to point out something here when users like I'm Stephen Lee ask questions in the comment section of our lesson page
They really help out
Everyone right? Yeah. Yeah, because if one person has a question
It's very very likely that a hundred other people are going to have the same question
So I'm Stephen Lee you've been really brave asking a lot of great questions and we really appreciate it
And another really interesting thing to point out is that he is a member of the Mandarin speakers group
Yeah, that's right
And that brings us to our next topic for today and we want to tell you a little bit more about English pod groups
All right. So groups is a really important thing and Pete has a lot of experience with groups in Chinese pod
So Pete, why don't you tell us a little bit more about your experience with the groups in the community?
My experience in Chinese pod is that the groups particularly
Groups united around a certain interest or made of people from a certain common location
They have the nice thing about them
Which is that they tend to attract people from all different levels of study if you're just leaving comments on particular lessons
You're probably only going to hang around with and only meet
Maybe the same handful of people over and over again
But if you go to these groups you often find yourself bumping into
Some unfamiliar faces who are maybe a little further along on their studies or maybe a little bit behind you
Okay, but that gives a good opportunity for you to learn from advanced users and also from more beginners, right?
It just creates a little more blending and a little more sharing. Okay, that's good
So we've got some great groups on English pod right now
one of my favorites is a group devoted to music lyrics or the words of
Famous and popular songs. Yeah, I saw some of those there was even some on the high school musical
Yeah, and you know what actually some really interesting grammar points came up in one of these groups
So that's something I'm really interested in songs are greatly to learn. Yeah. Yeah, and there's another one
That's a little bit more advanced, but it's an also interesting group. It's a group on Shakespeare
Oh, okay
So for all those advanced listeners that maybe want to get a little bit of insight on this really popular
Writer you can go into this group and we're just talking about different scenes from Shakespeare different plays
So it's really interesting. Great. So we've just talked a little bit about groups that are based around a interest
But we also have groups around regions
And so I want to challenge our English pod listeners to create a group for their city
Okay, you know what? We got a lot of
Listeners who are in Shanghai. Oh really? Yeah, a lot of listeners in Shanghai and a lot of listeners in Sao Paulo
Oh, wow, we have Brazilian listeners. That's true. And um in Hanoi. There's a lot of listeners there
Wow, so I want to see groups from Shanghai Sao Paulo and Hanoi
Yeah, if there's a group from Sao Paulo or something, I would definitely join. Okay, so and if there's a group from Shanghai, I'll join
All right. Well listeners, this is your challenge start a group for your region
We have some great lessons next week and our friend Pete is the star of many of them
So Pete, why don't you tell us about some of the your favorite lessons one star in a beautiful constellation?
I guess my favorite lesson is one about lending money and
Talking about some economic tough times and a guy's trying to get some money
Yeah, and you know what?
I have to say that Pete did all the voice acting in this lesson and he did an amazing job
So this lesson coming next week called I'm in debt
Listen and see Pete's star acting
Yeah, and we also have another great lesson about money as well and it's about spending money. That's right
So next week we've got two lessons coming that have a lot of language to do with money
Our third lesson next week is about voicemail
Yeah
And this is a great lesson because a lot of English learners struggle with telephone language
So this is gonna be a really great lesson to help you be able to leave a good voicemail message
Okay. Well three exciting lessons coming next week
Yeah, but remember that we also want to know what you want to learn
So don't forget to go onto our website
Send us a message or post a comment about what you want to learn
Maybe you want a lesson about going to the barbershop so we can do something on that. Okay. Well everyone
Thanks for listening
Remember to go to our website at English pod calm where you can learn all about these lessons
We've just talked about and remember create a group this week. Okay. Thank you. You've been a terrific even a fantastic audience
All right. We'll see everyone next week and
Until then it's goodbye. Bye. Bye
English pod.com
