Hello everyone and welcome to this just in my name is Marco and I'm joined here with Bill. Hi or William in some cases
William Willie Willie Billy Billy. Um, sometimes people call me billion billionaire
No, that's not true. No people call me billionaires. Do you have billion dollars? I've a billion bill bucks
All right, and we're here with Jay
The new member of English Pod and we're gonna talk a little bit about upcoming lesson some news and
Some really other interesting things. So to start off on Monday, we're gonna have a lesson called computer games. Whoo
Yeah, and
Well, do you guys play computer games? Are you are you big?
I play more console games more like I have a PlayStation 2 in my house. I'll say you play PlayStation
Yeah, I didn't used to play computer games a lot until my friends got me hooked on Starcraft last year
Oh really went on Starcraft. Yeah
That's I mean, that's kind of an older game, but it's it's got a lot of staying power. Yeah
Yeah, do you know it's like a it's like a sport in Korea
Maybe our Korean some of our Korean listeners can weigh in on this
I've heard about this like the best players in the world are in Korea for star
There's when I visited Korea for a couple weeks. Oh, there's an actual like television channel. That's just Starcraft being played
There's like announcers and it's like different strategy
Which is really surprising cuz the game is like at least 10 years old now
Yeah, well, they're coming out with the part 2 Starcraft 2 they've been supposed to be coming out with part 2 for one
I know I read recently. It's coming out like March 2010. It's an old game. It's really it's really crazy
Well in this case the dialogue they were talking about is gonna have
Another popular game called counter strike, right? So also known known as CS, right? So very popular among
Asian countries as well and it's a first-person shooter game. Yes, so you go around shooting people
Well, you're actually shooting terrorists or if you're a terrorist you're shooting police officers and stuff. Yeah, that's a good message. Yeah
It's well, that's what we want people here
This lesson was actually requested by a user. So oh nice. So it's good
Okay on Tuesday, we have directors cut and we're gonna be talking about the movie Watchmen. Yeah, it's awesome. It's a great movie
We don't know very much about we agree that we don't know much about it, but we
We really like the movie on Wednesday
We're talking about Veterans Day a big day in the United States, right?
What did what did you used to do for Veterans Day in the United? Well, we we have the day off of school really?
Yeah, I don't remember that. Yeah, of course Veterans Day is 11 11 11. All right. Yeah
Yeah, we had we get the day off of school. That's that's what we would do
And that and then do you do anything special on that day almost nothing at all there was I mean
I think there's there's some parades, you know in Washington, DC and stuff like this. The president will probably go to
Arlington National Cemetery and honor the war dead
But yeah, so it's a day that we honor
Well all veterans and from all wars from all wars. Yeah, and especially especially veterans that died in war. Do you have this in Canada?
Yes, it is also very big in Canada. Do you call it Veterans Day or Remembrance Day or Armistice Day or Remembrance Day?
Remembrance also the same day. Yes
Yes, we also get a day off school
That's the key point about this is you get a day off of school
Yeah, we usually also have a Remembrance Day service at the school the day before the day after you have a service like a like a
religious service, uh, no, but um, they would play the last post and
anyone who was in
Some sort of what do they call like like Cubs and scouts and stuff like the scouts of our cub scouts boy scouts of Canada
Yeah, you have Boy Scouts of Canada. Yeah, I think I or maybe it's just called Boy Scouts of America, including Canada
I can't remember the actual name. It's Scouts of America in Canada, but they were like they would like walk in the assembly
Awesome, so like the color guard
The color guard. Yeah, those those are the guys that bring out the flag and uh, all right raise the flag up and stuff
All right. So that's going on on Wednesday and
On Friday, we're talking about a heated topic all around the world. Well specifically in the United States social security
Oh, yes, so and it's an upper intermediate lesson and we're talking about the 401k. So something very specific
Okay, so retirement savings account retirement savings. Exactly. So what do you do with your money?
Or how do you how are you saving up to build that nest egg? Hmm?
How are you saving up to build your nest egg? I am not I
You're investing in playstations
I know this in an active home entertainment
Yeah, well I guess for social security you would have to work us in in a stable
Workplace in your home country. Usually right? Well, you it's a you know, it's tax
So right it's taken out of your payroll and then the expectation is is you'll get that back when you retire when you retire
So it's kind of different in countries. Like for example, Canada, I know has a different social security system, right?
I have no idea you don't know about the Canadian social security system. Not really
No, I think it's it's like they in Canada like if you retire you you're maintained by the government to a certain extent
Yes, that's true. Right so it's not like in the United States where you retire and if you didn't save up you're like
Oh too bad. Well, it's not it's not like that the United States almost
Yeah, you get a you know, it depends on how much you paid in the system, but social security right now
Though the crisis in America is they pay out more than they're gonna receive over the next years, right?
So therefore by the time, you know, we're paying into it right now as young people
but with the baby boom generation, there's a lot of people retiring so they're good that that money's gonna dry up and unless they
Start taxing us more or they start paying less. There's gonna be a crisis something needs to change how much how much is the income tax
In the states more or less. It's like 40 percent. Yeah, I don't know actually I'm not really it depends on your you know
It depends what tax bracket you're in but it's a big chunk man. Yeah, yeah state taxes
I mean, it's yeah, it's just it's a pretty big chunk when I was working in the states
Yeah, you'd expect about say about 20 20 percent of your paycheck to go into taxes. Yeah, I was in taxes
I'm not really sure exactly, you know, which taxes took up the most but
The federal taxes are up there. Yeah, I guess this is kind of why I would consider a
living in countries like European countries, for example, like Holland or
Or what is this other because you want to pay more taxes Denmark? Well because they have really good social security, right?
But I mean it comes at a cost you're right
They pay more taxes pay more taxes. You won't have such beautiful electronics components if you live in a country like well, you could potentially but
but you have like universal health care and you have
Different types of retirement plans
So for example, if you retire by the age of 65 and you have your your retirement funds
But you also receive like a senior citizen bonus and stuff like that. Yeah, it's kind of interesting
I was reading about it and actually is considered that Australia has among the best social securities in the world. Really? Yeah
So the Aussies are the ones that are kicking butt
Well, it's a huge it's a huge debate right now in the United States and having to do with medic with with with health care
and and leaning more towards
Public options for for health care to bring costs down
We had a lesson last week about health care and it's a pretty interesting topic. I think yeah, and it impacts all of us
Yeah, so that's what's going on on the lessons this week interesting lesson
Serious difficult as well because the social security lesson is a little bit on the difficult side
It's an inter upper intermediate and borderline advanced
But be sure to listen to these lessons and
Also today November 7th is my dad's birthday. Hey, so I'm giving him a big shout out. Happy birthday. Mr. Machia
Yeah, it's his birthday. He is what's your father's name? By the way Marco Marco Marco senior
Yeah, big Marco. Hey and my little Marco now. I know no, actually my grandpa is also Marco. So you're Marco the third
Generation it all comes out now
Yeah, so guess how old my dad is today
60-mmm close
upper should I go he is
47 oh what yeah, that's not close at all. I know. I see your dad is so young. Yeah
My parents got married when they were very young and of course had me when I was very young as well
They were very young as well. So yeah, I'm
26 and my dad is 47 Wow
That's yeah, that's that's not common these days. Well back then I think it was really common
Yeah, I think well like especially in Latin American. Yeah, it wasn't uncommon, right? Like I don't know I have some friends
Grandparents, for example got married when they were like 16 17
Actually, my brother-in-law was his parents married at 16. They had three kids by the time she was 22 Wow
And they were done by that point
Cut the line right here. Yeah Wow 22. Yeah, can you kids by 22? Can you picture yourself with kids right now?
No, that's why I don't have any
What about you Jay
No, I'm 22 at the moment and
By now start
Right now right now
All right guys, so if you have any questions any doubts or any other comments
Be sure to visit our website English pod calm. Remember that we are also open to any
Lesson suggestions if you want to learn about something specific, just let us know and we'll create a lesson for you
Where else can you get that? Tell me about where can you get you can't get that anywhere else? I checked
There's nothing like that out. Exactly. This is the one and only place. All right guys, so we'll see you there and until next time
Bye. Goodbye. Bye English pod
