Hello everyone, welcome back to another edition of this just in I am joined in the studio with Catherine Mathis. Hi everyone
Leonardo Guerrero. Hey and Evan our famous intern slash
co-writer slash
Has no last name apparently has no last name slash Evan Fisher
See I know his last name Fisher like two fees. Yeah. Well, how's it spelled? F ish er
Fisher anyways, how is everyone?
How are you guys I'm good at you, where were you last week?
Where I was I always sick. Oh, yeah, we don't believe you
Yeah, we don't believe you why not cuz you're never sick cuz you smile when you say I was sick
Well, it's still nice to stay home. Even if you're sick true. Yeah
That's right. So that's why Leo wasn't here yet, but we did have another
Somebody else to kind of take over your place. It was a reason I'm re
Yeah, whatever you're you're not irreplaceable definitely
Anyways, so we're gonna be looking at lessons that are coming up next week and we're gonna be talking about different stuff
Hopefully not love this time. Maybe we'll touch another subject love. Yeah, all we do is talking about relationships in this show
Weird we are thinking of maybe opening up a segment be like people sending in their love letters love letters
Talk with English pod. I need advice. My boyfriend doesn't pay attention to me anymore. What should I do? What should I do?
Marco, please help me. I know now maybe we will have Leo. I have two girlfriends. What do I do?
Which one do I pick do I have to pick one?
Marco and Leo the love doctors. So I'm at a restaurant with my girlfriend and there's 20 Swedish people. What do I do?
Dude, that was ridiculous
20 Swedish girls. Yeah, I was going crazy and all blondes blue eyes, you know for for Mexicans
That's like that doesn't get any better. Nope
Then like did you did your girlfriend slash date say anything to no girlfriend, right? It was her. Oh your date
Yeah, my date. Did she say anything?
Like does your does your neck hurt?
For real
Actually told her like, you know, god damn you like I
Didn't know like there was gonna be like 20 Swedish girls here. Otherwise, I would never call you
Yeah, you should have called me why didn't you call me and tell me to go he didn't want to share the Swedish
Because here I was busy man
Yeah, you could have called me I could have taken advantage of the moment and you've got a blue-eyed blond-haired girlfriend
Who was probably at your house last night anyway, so dude, I mean like I mean, what do you need a Swedish volleyball team to do?
for you if you've got
I was saying like, you know, I could have like say invited her over over I invited them over to the show
You know, maybe have like an insight with Swedish, you know, cuz we don't know any Swedish people
That's what I meant. It's all for the good of the community. I know Swedish people
All right, I know ugly Swedish people I could introduce you. We don't want we don't want those
Fortunately, that's not the country of the week. So yeah. All right, so next week. We're gonna be looking at a lesson
That's called registering for university. Yeah
Well, I mean, you know, I'm registering for classes now and it's so difficult because the classes they they fill up so quickly
So there's no space left and when you're trying to find the class for your your your your credit and what you need to take
To graduate a lot of times it doesn't work in your schedule and it's just it's a real pain
Yeah
And like the thing is that some universities
Work that way like you have to kind of first come first serve basis of like getting your classes and not to mention like
You know
there's the seniors, you know get their first choice and the juniors and then the sophomores and you know by the time you get
Down to the freshmen freshman, you know, they get like none of the classes. They actually want to take
I hit it having classes on that engineers building because there was no girls in the class only guys
You should have studied English which class you think is like the most popular or that fills up the quickest
Usually depends all the 100 level classes, you know, like yeah, like the first psychology 101, you know economics 101 all those have like
No one wants to 9 a.m. Classes
So the one-on-ones at like 11 a.m. Fill up and then you're stuck with the 9 a.m
One-on-ones since or the 6 30 p.m. Yeah
You know when I was in school I had to because I worked and studied but it was a little bit difficult to actually have
A part-time job slash, you know be studying
So I had a full-time job and I also studied at night and my first class in the morning was at 7 15 a.m
715 to 8 30 and then go to the office until 9 and then classes until 11 p.m
See if I have a class that early I just like end up sleeping through the whole class
It's just really not productive. By the way, do you do you actually explain these freshmen sophomore? I don't understand that
Yeah, we explained it in the lesson because I always I always get it. I always get it confused about freshmen sophomore senior
There's also slang so you call people frosh is
Frosh like frosh orientation. It's like frosh is freshman and sophomores. There's no real slang but
Softs softs softs softy's
All right, so what's next on Wednesday we're playing golf so our sports
Boring. Have you ever played golf on the Wii? That is the most
And then and then it's so hard to get the little putts because like any movement yeah
No, wait, well you were there. I got angry
But you know when you actually play golf is like that
It's so frustrating because it's not easy
It seems easy on the TV when you see like Tiger Woods playing
But when you're there and you're trying to hit it like the boy just goes all over the place
Takes me ten times just to hit the ball
Like I'm sitting there. I'm like hitting the grass out of you. No need for a lawnmower. I got it. Don't worry
It's such a popular sport now and also it's kind of like one of those elite sports. So it's like for
Middle to upper middle class people I would say it's because it's because we'll have the time and the effort and you know
The money to practice the country club. Yeah, exactly
All right
You need all the clubs and you have to pay for caddy and you have to you know
Unless you want to walk the clubs rent a cart and just ends up being an expensive pastime
It's not much exercise though, huh?
No, more like chess. My grandparents used to caddy their own bags and they never got carts
So it's really good exercise
But if you get the caddy in the car and everything how about you don't play golf
We just ride around in the golf carts that be that'll be fun. Okay, especially with a cool there full of beers in the bag
And on Friday we're gonna be calling a plumber so I hope the toilets not clogged it is
So we're gonna be calling a plumber to unclog our toilet the sink is backed up a lot of nasty stuff
But you mean it's vocab that you need it's vocab that you need to know absolutely
One of the things that I didn't know coming into China was that you know in China
You don't really flush the toilet paper in the in the toilet in the toilet cuz you put them in the garbage can that's such
A weird thing for me. I still do
That's why you're upstairs toilet is clogged dude. You don't have to tell that I just not my fault
And we're not gonna talk about
I'm not gonna go into that sorry, but uh
No, it's definitely important and I it's kind of grosses me out cuz in the summer months just touched the smell
I don't even go there. But but you know what one of the interesting things about
Plumbing and being a plumber is that it's actually a well-paid trade. Is it? Yeah, very well-paid
You know, no one wants to know what's the new one, but we still need plumbers
You know very high demand very low supply means they get paid a lot
You know, I they were telling me this story about a famous Polish plumber in England
Which apparently the guy was like a Polish immigrant
He didn't know what to do, but he was like kind of built so he had like muscles and everything
So he started handing out flyers of him like wearing the whole tool belt stuff and just like without a t-shirt
And apparently he started getting calls from like girls that lived in like a house
You know and they were studying or whatever and just started getting popular that way like people getting like a hot plumber
We call that a stripper. No, isn't that a strip?
He wasn't working at parties because you know girls living alone who want to have party who invite the half
But he would he would actually you know
Just stripper with the skill. Yeah
strip over the heart of gold
and the wrench
So but actually a friend of mine also in France were saying that a plumber can make more money than a doctor
Or engineer. No way. Yeah, seriously. All right now it's time for the country of the week
Yeah
So what is this time? Uh, it's a surprise actually the country of the week is
No, it's the good old us of a
So actually it was fourth of july recently so happy
No, i'm not gonna sing it what is uh, the fourth of july is the independence independence from britain from britain, right
What
What was the the date fourth of july 18 17 1776
Declaration of independence we declared ourselves
Independent from britain and thus the colonies were born as a nation
And then mexically inspired from it and uh, we got and they threw off the yoke of france
No from just pennish. Uh-huh
because like
Cinco de mayo is the french thing. Yeah, but that was like a hundred years later
You know july fourth is so great because you know, it's just a great holiday for you know, american families to be together
You know grill up some barbecue outside
Be with the family watch fireworks, you know, it's just a great family family day
Yeah, it's like I think the most common thing about fourth of july is a family barbecue. Yeah fireworks slip and slide
Slip and slide what's that?
Oh slip and slide's really fun. Well every all the adults are outside grilling meat and drinking beer
So the kids have like usually there's a little hill in your backyard or some kind of like incline
And so you have like a plastic sheet
And a hose and it makes a really slippery slide and you just slide down it
And you always get like burns because of the plastic so like the next day you just have like red lines
That was some intense slip and slide
Suffer for fun
But it's really interesting to see that like people on fourth of july become
fashionly shameless
Oh, yeah, they'll wear any type of like weird piece of clothing that has the american flag on it. Oh, yeah
Like sweaters and pants and hats. I did this for the inauguration this year not for july fourth
So yes inauguration. I wore red pants bright red pants bright blue shirt and like a white belt
See this is this is american culture right there. See
Well, I got like to eat a lot of barbecue
like pork beef
Mutton all the corn sausages corn like a good old american barbecue good coleslaw
Nothing nice kids nice
Yeah, plus a cupcake at the end with a flag of the united states. Oh, absolutely. You gotta get a cupcake
All right. So, um, yeah good times for the good old us of a how many years of independence is it it's been uh,
200 200
235
30
30
three four no three
They didn't choose any math classes
200 math 101
243 243. There you go. Math class in university wasn't 99. No, no, not 200 not available
1770
They're still going at okay. We can put it out in the comment section
If anybody knows about it
It's a mystery. We're still working out over here carry the one and then you know, it's
He probably knows
Uh, the country of the week is the united states apparently a whopping 233 years old. Did I mention that?
Too late. I just came up with that off the top of my head. Look how fast I hope you're right
That's because I was the first one who got to sign up for my calculus ab class in college, you know, I got the early slot
Do you still remember calculus? I know my calculus integral of the uh-huh with the wee wee and I know no
So don't you think it's weird that we have so many listeners from the u.s. No
I guess uh, is there a lot of uh, like latinos living in the states actually like our
Analytics and our research shows that it's a lot of asian students who are logging on to english pod
For their entire university life. They're they're in the states. So they're on english pod trying to improve. That's great. That's awesome
But we also have we also have uh latinos who are in the states
Well because if I knew about english pod when I was going to the to school in vancouver, for example
I would have listened to it every day. Yeah, see you missed out now you work here though. That's why my english is so bad now
So yeah a shout out to all those listeners from the u.s. Yeah, especially the ones in chicago
Yeah, I don't know how many we have in chicago. You never know but
But also thank you for also again our native listeners our native english speakers ronk
Thank you for helping out user 2048 way to be there. Yeah, it's maxim still doing the
Transcripts. Yeah, he's getting better at it
Yeah, he's getting better
Dude, like less mistakes and yeah, he's very motivated
He's also inspiring others to you know, try out the transcript business, too
Yeah, fabiano and and frats frats as well with his ear within us
Yeah
Yeah, and when are we having another episode of i'm sorry. I love you. The finale is coming up soon
Oh, really did I mention that i'm in that?
Catherine is the star. Yeah
She's the crazy slash dramatic slash loving girlfriend on that series more loving than slash
But we're gonna come out with a new series soon as well
Well, because I finally listened to the whole series
It's a lot of fun. Did you know that he's indian?
Who is the oh, yeah the detective or whatever my boyfriend boyfriend your boyfriend
Is he hot?
Uh-huh
Do we expect otherwise? He's a fireman slash detective. No, it was he was up pretending to be a fireman
He was actually an undercover spy for the indian government
Wow
It gets even better. We have a lot of creative writers here in english
His name is marco. He can be reached at marco dot
So, uh, okay, that's all for today. Thank you guys for joining. Goodbye, everyone. Thanks for having us. Bye. See ya
englishpod.com
