Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of this just in I'm joined here in the studio with Liliana
Hello, and today we have our special guest
Scarlett hello Scarlett Scarlett Johansson. Yeah, that's all the way from England
Why would you think she was from England?
She doesn't have that accent like talk like her like a British accent. Yeah, she doesn't have an English accent English accent
See we don't speak English. We speak American
American I speak American. All right, so Scarlett is a new member here at Praxis language. She is working in the marketing department and
She's from England. Yeah, where I'm from England. What whereabouts?
Salisbury Salisbury
Yeah, that's it's basically where Stonehenge is if anybody knows nice Stonehenge. Yeah
So what do you think about Stonehenge? Is it really made by aliens?
No, sorry to disappoint you I don't think it is how do you think they got those big rocks on top of each other like that
I mean, seriously, you're talking look at the great wall of China
It's all humans, but those are really really heavy rocks
How do they put them on top of the other two rocks
Scarlett that's
Okay, maybe the eye aliens I don't know yeah, I think it's a portal
It's a mystery to another dimension you get in there and BAM you you you're
To the parallel dimension. Okay, don't get him started. Let's talk about
Promotions. All right promotions. We have a great October. Happy Halloween promotion, right? Yes
So it's basically buy one get one free. Yes of what of any language pot
So you have English pot Spanish pot Chinese pot Italian pot and French pot
So if you buy a premium subscription, you get one for free and you know, what's the best what you can just buy it and give
It to someone else. You don't need to have it for yourself. Awesome. So I can buy for example
I want to learn Chinese I get one years worth of premium
And then I can maybe give Spanish pot away to some friend of mine. Mm-hmm. That's awesome. Yeah, why are we doing this?
We're losing money. No, we're not
I'm gonna have to talk to somebody
It sounds like a good idea. All right, so great promotion be sure it's only valid for October
So you have like 15 days left? Yeah to take advantage of this thing
So tell your friends tell your family or whatever. Okay on Monday. We have a lesson called cut it out
Do you know what it's about?
Cut it out. Mm-hmm. What do you say that in England? No, what's that mean?
It means stop doing that, you know cut it out
How would you say that in England
Yeah, you can you can say cut it out
You need you probably need something else like at the beginning to kind of know it's just on it or stop doing that
I think just like you know, like Liliana
She's like tapping her pen on the table and I'm like cut it out
No, it makes sense now and that's actually what the dialogue is about
It's about like co-workers and how they really get on each other's nerf with these little like you
Okay, this is true Marco sits next to me and he puts his speakers on his computer
And I can hear all the damn PM's he gets like, you know, Google Talk like
I
Already told you turn that off. It's cut it out
It's not that I'm putting music so the you know
The environment the ambience in the office can be you know, blah blah blah. You like the music that I play I do
Yeah, but it's something I can't I can't yeah, you can't I can't the settings
They won't allow me to take away the sound thing. Do they yeah, right scarlet? Yeah, you can yeah
I'll do that. Why don't you tell me to do that, you know, you can offer me solutions creative solutions to problem
Okay, how many times have I told you to do that? No, you said just you told me to turn on many times like ten times
Alright on Tuesday we have our show directors cut and we're gonna be talking about the Indiana Jones saga
All the saga like all three of them in all three of them
Well, including the fourth one which is like not really the new one. I didn't really like
Okay, so which one is your favorite scarlet?
I can't remember the old names temple of doom. Yeah, the one with the monkey brains. Yeah, that was good one
That was awesome. That was my favorite. I think my favorite is the Ark of the Covenant one the
the Indiana Jones and the
It's when they discover the Ark of the Covenant in Egypt or somewhere around there somewhere and you know, the Nazis were after it
Oh, yeah, and they open it and there's like spirits. Yeah, they fly out. That was an awesome one as well
and
The one where they find the Holy Grail as well. That was cool. All three of them. I think they were brilliant
Yeah, the three of them, but the last one was bad. I think it's because it gave like George Lucas creative
Input on that one. What do you mean?
I think in the fourth one George Lucas was allowed to give more of his
You know opinions and kind of write some things out and give more creative development within that one
So I think that's why he went to like aliens and stuff. Well, and Harrison Ford was too old as well
Yeah, he's getting sad. Yeah, you should have been something else in that movie
But anyways, it's a great saga and on Wednesday. We're being homesick or we are homesick. We were homesick
Like homesick as I'm homesick like I can come to work or oh, I miss my house
No, like homesick you miss your country your house
Do you ever get homesick scarlet? Uh, I I did when I went to school and university because my parents live in China
So I've always been away from them, but now I'm okay because I live with them
What about you you get homesick quite often I think very often yeah, what is it about home that you miss the food my family
my friends
Wow, just like pretty much everything. Yeah, everything
Everything does it get worse over the holidays? Yes, really definitely
Well, you know now I try not to like think a lot about the holidays
So, you know Christmas comes and I'm like, yeah, I don't care
Do you not go back for Christmas sometimes I do but sometimes I like to travel, you know
I'll get out of China, but I don't know depends so you're always very close to your family and friends very
Very very and the food but you've recently turned vegetarian. So how can you miss the food? What do you mean?
There's like tons of things that you can eat. No, not without meat. Okay, don't start with that
I always pick on her on this. All right, so we're at homesick
We're gonna be describing these symptoms and actually we're gonna be cheering somebody up
That's homesick because we've always had friends who maybe are living abroad and they're still having difficulties
I think the first three months of living anywhere abroad is are the most difficult once you get past that
I think you're okay. What do you think three months six months?
Well in my case I get homesick around
I don't know like that nine months ten months really so it takes you a while long
Yeah, it takes me a while. I mean, I've been out of my country for so long that I don't know. All right
What about you Scarlett three months or well, probably shorter because it's
Yeah, right at the beginning
But then sort of after a long period of time you just want to go home and if you have a bad day
That's when I get particularly yes true. That's true. All right, and on Friday. We are gonna form a rock band. Oh
Rock band. Yeah, this is from Spanish pod. Lillian is giving me this look like wait a minute. We did this day
I know. Are you copying all the ideas from Spanish? This is called
creative copy creative
Team collaboration work. Yeah, right. So now you're picking my brain. That's what you're taking my dialogues from English part as well
Never
Alright, so
We're actually gonna be forming a rock band, but I added a twist to it this time different from Spanish pod
So not only you're actually stealing my ideas. I'm making it better. No, I'm making it better. Okay. See that's that's the difference Scarlett
Do you play an instrument? I don't know at all. No. Oh, well, I used to play the piano and the clarinet, but not anymore
Oh Wow high school
Yeah, no probably prep school
Clarinet it's the the long one the black one with the reed. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's true
What about you? I do not play any musical instruments except for my guitar on the Wii
It takes a lot of coordination
I hand coordination dude. Well, it does it does. Why don't you just learn the guitar for real?
I don't know. I've never been really like that much into music to actually learn an instrument
I would have loved to play the the guitar, but I'm actually thankful that I didn't because in our countries most guitar players are always
drunk
Because they get invited to every party and everywhere and it's like you start singing. It's the bohemian life
What about you? You don't play an instrument. Do you? No
No
We're not very creative people we don't you know
They say that people that play musical instruments are more creative definitely more into more artsy or much. Yeah, definitely
But I guess so that's what we're gonna be we're actually gonna learn the different instruments of for a rock band
So like guitar bass drums
And lead singer and all the terms related to this so it's gonna be cool
Nice and so those are the lessons coming up next week that really fun lessons
Really interesting and that's pretty much it lesson wise you guys have any news?
No, no no news on your side
No, what about you Scarlett? How do you like practice language so far? It's great really cool company
Yeah, it's a hot. What about listening to yourself on a podcast?
It's horrible. I'm sick of my own voice now. Sorry for everybody who has to listen to me
Yeah, it's a it gets interesting and it's kind of hard
I think at the very beginning once you arrive here
It's like so overwhelming and all these people recording and looking at you and no
But I understand you like after I don't know how many podcasts I have done it gets annoying
I'm sick of my voice. Yeah, me too
I'm sick of your voice
All right, so that's all for today everyone
We'll see you guys next time and be sure to check out our lessons. If you have any questions or doubts, please come to Englishpod.com and
We'll see you there. Bye. Bye
Englishpod.com
