Hello everyone, welcome to another edition of this just in my name is Marco and I'm joined here with our
special guest from Australia special guest from Australia Matthew Coleman a
Product manager of Chinese pod Nihal. Oh greetings. How are things in a Chinese pod going very well very busy
All right, so we don't have our usual guests
Catherine had something to do today Leo took a small trip to a yellow mountain
I don't know if you've been there here in China. Oh huangshan. Yeah, have you have you been there? No, man
But I've heard it's nice. Apparently, it's very lovely. Yeah, so he took a small weekend trip and also Erica
I'm sure you haven't you have noticed that she's not on the comment section and
Well, she's actually on a small vacation herself as well. So she'll be back next week
So this whole week you will probably not see her as well on the comment section
And that's a very sad thing because she's very lively and nice. Oh, yeah
and of course, she's a very good teacher in the sense of
The grammar and how she teaches the or answers the different questions that the students have so but don't worry
I'm there Evan is there and we'll have some other people commenting as well. So
Let's get started and let's preview next week's lessons. Whoo. On Monday. We have a lesson called. I'm sorry. I'm late
I'm sorry. I'm late. Yeah, what's the excuse?
Many excuses. What's your common excuse? I woke up late you woke up late
Yeah, but that happens actually my main excuse that I live five minutes walk from work
So I am actually later since I live closer. It's weird. The same thing happens to me
I live closer to the office and I arrived later than if I if I'm somewhere else
There's a perfect reason for that though. Do you know what it is? What?
Basically, if you live further away from the office, you have to allow more time for transport
For example, the bus is late. It's full traffic jams. Why not? So you give yourself more time, right?
Right, you'll leave probably an hour before work, even though, you know, it only takes 40 minutes to get there
So you'll end up getting there early most of the time if you live close, you know that it's only five minutes
We'll be like, ah
As long as I get out the door at five past nine I'll get there by ten past but then it becomes quarter past nine
Yeah, and so on so well
We're gonna have a lot of excuses a typical one is as you say, there was a traffic jam
There was a car accident and a couple of other excuses. So we'll be teaching you not only what
Excuses you can use when you're late to work, but how you can save them in English. All right and
1980s English we have that on Wednesday. So English from the 1980s. Oh, that's so ace ace ace, man
That's dope. No, I think that's nice. Yeah, but yeah, we're gonna be looking at this great decade. We've done we've done already
50 60 70s this time it's the 80s and then we'll have the 90s coming up soon. Awesome
So yeah, a lot of slang a lot of phrasal verbs and different
Words that came out in this decade, but we actually still use them to this day
Can you give me an example mark of a phrasal verb that was used often in the 80s from the lesson?
Like far out for example far out man. Yeah, that was 80s. It was late 70s early 80s. Oh far out man
That's like from Cheech and Chong. Yeah
Exactly that movie so 1980s English and on Friday. We have another fun lesson. We're gonna be describing a hangover
They're indescribable
indescribable inexplicable and just best avoided
Well, that's the thing is we're gonna be showing you how you can describe how you feel, you know, you have a headache you're dehydrated
Can you say like my mouth tastes like ass?
Is that how you actually I don't know what it tastes like so therefore I will just retract that completely
Well, I guess the most common symptoms would be yeah
Like you have this sour or like very nasty taste in your mouth. You have a huge headache
You're dehydrated. And did you know that often diarrhea is associated with being hungover? Yeah, of course
Ghulam could explain the reasons for that good old doctor Ghulam, but alas, he's not here either. I
think also the other common symptom is
You just feel like you've been hit with a baseball bat 20 times over your body
Maybe you were and you don't remember
Possibly. Yeah. Yeah when you are drunk you commonly do fall down or roll down a couple of stairs
So you're invincible at the time. It always seems like a good idea when you're out
It's like yeah, let's keep partying and then the next morning or the next afternoon
The worst part is when you you know, you have sometimes parties on a Wednesday or a Thursday
So you go out and you have to come to work the next day
Well, normally most people go out with the best of intentions. Oh, I'm gonna leave at 730
But hey too long on the nice teas later and yeah happy hours, right? You're like, oh, well, it's happy hour two-for-one drink special
Indeed so that happens commonly and we're gonna be talking drink responsibly people drink responsibly
Don't drink and drive. No, just drink and drink and don't even drink and walk sometimes
Just drink and don't move from where you are
But also what you should do is know your limits and then you should also know what kind of alcohol has what kind of effect on
You're like I love Cooper's beer Cooper sparkling. It's a great Aussie beer, but I can't have any more than four stubbies of it
That's a small bottle of stubby
Because it it makes me feel terrible. I mean if I have five or six the next day
I just I feel like I've had half a cotton
Right. I know. So yeah know what beers may or alcohols make you feel like crap and just um, try to drink as little of them
Yeah, I think for me what?
Alcohol the one that I can't really drink or makes me feel the worst the next day is coke and rum
Can't have that with rum and coke. Yeah a rum and coke and a screwdriver
I can't have that, you know orange juice and vodka
Okay
The next day I just I can't have orange juice for like two or three months after that bloody hell
Hey, what about Long Island iced tea? Do you like them? Those are all right. Those are I usually don't like to mix any
Sweet beverage with my drink like for example if I have like vodka, I'll usually have it just straight up or
maybe with some
tonic water
Vodka and tonic is good. And if you are drinking like I'm a whiskey man myself
But if I'm just drinking an average whiskey, I'll drink like a whiskey and soda you really you'll mix it with soda
Yeah, but I'm talking like if we're drinking some sort of blended twelve-year-old whiskey or whatever. It's that's not really good
Yeah, I mean if it's a single malt
Story. Oh, yeah, so we're gonna be talking a little bit about that. And yeah, basically those are the lessons coming out next week
They're fun. You're gonna be learning a lot of cool stuff and the dialogues were great
I've got to say that over at Chinese pod. We are quite in awe of English pod lesson quality and your production is awesome
But they're a little bit
Extravagant I think at times with sound effects and stuff. Oh, but that that's great
Yeah, and you know what also we had a request from a user
They want to hear more accents. So we'll probably have you on the show on dialogues more often
They want like the the Aussie accent Irish the British accent man
Evan did an awesome English accent the other day
Oh really sounded just like an American doing an English accent actually just kidding now
He sounded actually quite British really it was good. Yeah, we so I think it'll be interesting
What I would love to have is a Scottish accent. It's so hard to understand
Hey, it is indeed just like off
What is it train spotting? Yeah, exactly those accents when they even had subtitles in that movie
You had to in some because a lot of the slang as well
Like some of the things when we're talking you come out with these Aussie
Phrases or these Aussie slang words and remember was the last one that I asked you about
It was like to describe a bad person or something like that. Yeah. Well, what wanker?
But but yeah, and I think Aussie accents depending on the region where you are
I think they're harder or different, right? I mean I come from Queensland myself and we are quite renowned
Having the most hick like Australian accents. Oh, really those in Sydney
They have them as well. I mean they call them Westies
But people speak a little a little bit more refined in Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide especially Adelaide when they don't say we say dance
or
pants they say dance
How really I like a little bit more British. Yeah, they're like I like to dance
So they're a little bit more British a little bit more better spoken
You know what? I've noticed with the Aussie accent. It's kind of nasal at times like yeah
You might kind of comes from the nose. No worries. No worries. It does sometimes. All right, so that's all the time
We have for today. Thank you Matt for joining us. Thanks for having me and we'll definitely have you on more dialogues and more shows
But you have to put on a really thick Aussie accent. I don't know about that man
Can you say something and see if our users can?
Can decipher what you're saying scratch lighter. All right, so we'll see you guys next time. Take care. See ya. Bye
